Foreword
========

This Technical Specification has been produced by the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

In the present document, modal verbs have the following meanings:

**shall** indicates a mandatory requirement to do something

**shall not** indicates an interdiction (prohibition) to do something

The constructions \"shall\" and \"shall not\" are confined to the
context of normative provisions, and do not appear in Technical Reports.

The constructions \"must\" and \"must not\" are not used as substitutes
for \"shall\" and \"shall not\". Their use is avoided insofar as
possible, and they are not used in a normative context except in a
direct citation from an external, referenced, non-3GPP document, or so
as to maintain continuity of style when extending or modifying the
provisions of such a referenced document.

**should** indicates a recommendation to do something

**should not** indicates a recommendation not to do something

**may** indicates permission to do something

**need not** indicates permission not to do something

The construction \"may not\" is ambiguous and is not used in normative
elements. The unambiguous constructions \"might not\" or \"shall not\"
are used instead, depending upon the meaning intended.

**can** indicates that something is possible

**cannot** indicates that something is impossible

The constructions \"can\" and \"cannot\" are not substitutes for \"may\"
and \"need not\".

**will** indicates that something is certain or expected to happen as a
result of action taken by an agency the behaviour of which is outside
the scope of the present document

**will not** indicates that something is certain or expected not to
happen as a result of action taken by an agency the behaviour of which
is outside the scope of the present document

**might** indicates a likelihood that something will happen as a result
of action taken by some agency the behaviour of which is outside the
scope of the present document

**might not** indicates a likelihood that something will not happen as a
result of action taken by some agency the behaviour of which is outside
the scope of the present document

In addition:

**is** (or any other verb in the indicative mood) indicates a statement
of fact

**is not** (or any other negative verb in the indicative mood) indicates
a statement of fact

The constructions \"is\" and \"is not\" do not indicate requirements.

 1 Scope
=======

The present document establishes the minimum RF requirements for NR User
Equipment (UE) Interworking operation with other radios. This includes
but is not limited to additional requirements for carrier aggregation or
NR dual connectivity between Range 1 and Range 2 and additional
requirements due to NR non-standalone (NSA) operation mode with E-UTRA.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

\- References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or non‑specific.

\- For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

\- For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case
of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

\[1\] 3GPP TR 21.905: \"Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications\".

\[2\] 3GPP TS 38.101-1: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 1: Range 1 Standalone\"

\[3\] 3GPP TS 38.101-2: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 2: Range 2 Standalone\"

\[4\] 3GPP TS 36.101: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and reception\"

\[5\] 3GPP TS 38.521-3: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 3: Range 1 and
Range 2 Interworking operation with other radios\"

\[6\] Recommendation ITU-R M.1545: \"Measurement uncertainty as it
applies to test limits for the terrestrial component of International
Mobile Telecommunications-2000\"

\[7\] 3GPP TS 36.211: \"E-UTRA; Physical channels and modulation\"

\[8\] 3GPP TS 36.331: \" Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); Radio Resource Control (RRC); Protocol specification\"

\[9\] 3GPP TS 38.331: \"NR; Radio Resource Control (RRC) protocol
specification\"

\[10\] 3GPP TS 38.213: \"NR; Physical layer procedures for control\"

\[11\] 3GPP TS 38.306: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio access
capabilities\"

\[12\] 3GPP TS 38.133: \"NR; Requirements for support of radio resource
management\"

\[13\] 3GPP TS 38.211: \"NR; Physical channels and modulation\".

\[14\] 3GPP TS 38.214: \"NR; Physical layer procedures for data\"

\[15\] 3GPP TS 38.133: \"NR; Requirements for support of radio resource
management\"

\[16\] 3GPP TS 36.133: \"Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); Requirements for support of radio resource management\"

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations
========================================

3.1 Definitions
---------------

For the purposes of the present document, the terms and definitions
given in 3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. A term defined in
the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
term, if any, in 3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\].

**Con-current operation**: The simultaneous transmission and reception
of sidelink and Uu interfaces while operation is agnostic of the service
used on each interface.

3.2 Symbols
-----------

For the purposes of the present document, the following symbols apply:

ΔR~IB,c~ Allowed reference sensitivity relaxation due to support for CA
or DC operation, for serving cell *c*.

ΔT~IB,c~ Allowed maximum configured output power relaxation due to
support for CA or DC operation, for serving cell *c*

BW~E-UTRA\_Channel~ Channel bandwidth of E-UTRA carrier

BW~E-UTRA\_Channel\_CA~ Channel bandwidth of E-UTRA sub-block which is
composed of intra-band contiguous CA E-UTRA carriers

BW~NR\_Channel~ Channel bandwidth of NR carrier

BW~NR\_Channel\_CA~ Channel bandwidth of NR sub-block which is composed
of intra-band contiguous CA NR carriers

Ceil(x) Rounding upwards; ceil(x) is the smallest integer such that
ceil(x) ≥ x

EN-DC~ACLR~ The ratio of the filtered mean power centred on the
aggregated sub-block bandwidth ENBW to the filtered mean power centred
on an adjacent bandwidth of the same size ENBW

E-UTRA~ACLR~ E-UTRA ACLR

F~C~ *RF reference frequency for the carrier center* on the channel
raster

F~DL\_low~ The lowest frequency of the downlink *operating band*

F~DL\_high~ The highest frequency of the downlink *operating band*

F~UL\_low~ The lowest frequency of the uplink *operating band*

F~UL\_high~ The highest frequency of the uplink *operating band*

F~OOB~ The boundary between the NR out of band emission and spurious
emission domains

L~CRB~ Transmission bandwidth which represents the length of a
contiguous resource block allocation expressed in units of resource
blocks

Max() The largest of given numbers

Min() The smallest of given numbers

NR~ACLR~ NR ACLR

N~RB~ Transmission bandwidth configuration, expressed in units of
resource blocks

N~RB\_agg~ The number of the aggregated RBs within the fully allocated
aggregated channel bandwidth

$N_{R{B\_}_{\text{agg}}} = \sum_{1}^{j}{N_{RB_{j}}*2^{\mu_{j}}}$ for
carrier 1 to j, where *μ* is defined in TS 38.211 \[13\]

N~RB,c~ The transmission bandwidth configuration of component carrier c,
expressed in units of resource blocks

$N_{\text{RB},\text{cj}} = N_{RB_{j}}*2^{\mu_{j}}$ for carrier j, where
*μ* is defined in TS 38.211 \[13\]

P~CMAX~ The configured maximum UE output power

RB~start~ Indicates the lowest RB index of transmitted resource blocks

W~gap~ The sub-block gap between the two sub-blocks

3.3 Abbreviations
-----------------

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in
3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in
the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
abbreviation, if any, in 3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\].

ACLR Adjacent Channel Leakage Ratio

ACS Adjacent Channel Selectivity

A-MPR Additional Maximum Power Reduction

BCS Bandwidth Combination Set

CA Carrier Aggregation

CC Component Carrier

DC Dual Connectivity

EIRP Equivalent Isotropically Radiated Power

EN-DC E-UTRA/NR DC

EVM Error Vector Magnitude

FDM Frequency Division Multiplexing

FR Frequency Range

ENBW The aggregated bandwidth of an E-UTRA sub-block and an adjacent NR
sub-block

ITS Intelligent Transportation System

ITU-R Radiocommunication Sector of the International Telecommunication
Union

MBW Measurement bandwidth defined for the protected band

MPR Allowed maximum power reduction

MSD Maximum Sensitivity Degradation

MCG Master Cell Group

NR New Radio

NS Network Signalling

NSA Non-Standalone, a mode of operation where operation of an other
radio is assisted with an other radio

OOB Out-of-band

OOBE Out-of-band emission

OTA Over The Air

PRB Physical Resource Block

PSCCH Physical Sidelink Control CHannel

PSSCH Physical Sidelink Shared CHannel

RE Resource Element

REFSENS Reference Sensitivity

RF Radio Frequency

Rx Receiver

SCG Secondary Cell Group

SCS Subcarrier spacing

SEM Spectrum Emission Mask

SL Sidelink

SUL Supplementary uplink

TDM Time Division Multiplex

Tx Transmitter

UE User Equipment

UL MIMO Up Link Multiple Antenna transmission

ULSUP Uplink sharing from UE perspective

4 General
=========

4.1 Relationship between minimum requirements and test requirements
-------------------------------------------------------------------

The present document is interwork specification for NR UE, covering RF
characteristics and minimum performance requirements. Conformance to the
present specification is demonstrated by fulfilling the test
requirements specified in the conformance specification 3GPP TS 38.521-3
\[5\].

The Minimum Requirements given in this specification make no allowance
for measurement uncertainty. The test specification TS 38.521-3 \[5\]
defines test tolerances. These test tolerances are individually
calculated for each test. The test tolerances are used to relax the
minimum requirements in this specification to create test requirements.
For some requirements, including regulatory requirements, the test
tolerance is set to zero.

The measurement results returned by the test system are compared -
without any modification - against the test requirements as defined by
the shared risk principle.

The shared risk principle is defined in Recommendation ITU‑R M.1545
\[6\].

4.2 Applicability of minimum requirements
-----------------------------------------

a\) In this specification the Minimum Requirements are specified as
general requirements and additional requirements. Where the Requirement
is specified as a general requirement, the requirement is mandated to be
met in all scenarios

b\) For specific scenarios for which an additional requirement is
specified, in addition to meeting the general requirement, the UE is
mandated to meet the additional requirements.

c\) The spurious emissions power requirements are for the long-term
average of the power. For the purpose of reducing measurement
uncertainty it is acceptable to average the measured power over a period
of time sufficient to reduce the uncertainty due to the statistical
nature of the signal

d\) Terminal that supports EN-DC or NE-DC configuration shall meet
E-UTRA requirements as specified in TS 36.101 \[4\] and NR requirements
as in TS 38.101-1 \[2\] and TS 38.101-2 \[3\] unless otherwise specified
in this specification

e\) All the requirements for intra-band contiguous and non-contiguous
EN-DC or NE-DC apply under the assumption of the same uplink-downlink
and special subframe configurations in the E-UTRA and slot format
indicated by UL-DL-configurationCommon and UL-DL-configurationDedicated
in the NR for the EN-DC or NE-DC, a time offset between the two RATs
configurations may be required.

f\) For EN-DC or NE-DC combinations with CA configurations for E-UTRA
and/or NR, all the requirements for E-UTRA and/or NR all the
requirements for E-UTRA and/or NR intra-band contiguous and
non-contiguous CA apply under the assumption of the same slot format
indicated by UL-DL-configurationCommon and UL-DL-configurationDedicated
in the PSCell and SCells for NR and the same uplink-downlink and special
subframe configurations in Pcell and SCells for E-UTRA.

A terminal which supports an EN-DC or NE-DC configuration shall support:

If any subsets of the EN-DC configuration do not specify its own
bandwidth combination sets in 5.3B, then the terminal shall support the
same E-UTRA bandwidth combination sets it signals the support for in
E-UTRA CA configuration part of E-UTRA -- NR DC and shall support the
same NR bandwidth combination sets it signals the support for in NR CA
configuration part of E-UTRA -- NR DC.

Else if one of the subsets of the EN-DC or NE-DC configuration specify
its own bandwidth combination sets in 5.3B, then the terminal shall
support a product set of channel bandwidth for each band specified by
E-UTRA bandwidth combination sets, NR bandwidth combination sets, and
EN-DC or NE-DC bandwidth combination sets it signals the support.A
terminal which supports an inter-band EN-DC or NE-DC configuration with
a certain UL configuration shall support the all lower order DL
configurations of the lower order EN-DC or NE-DC combinations, which
have this certain UL configuration and the fallbacks of this UL
configuration.

A terminal which supports NE-DC configurations shall meet the minimum
requirements for corresponding EN-DC configuration, unless otherwise
specified

For CA or DC configurations, which include FR2 intra-band CA
combinations with multiple FR2 sub-blocks, where at least one of the
sub-blocks is a contiguous CA combination :

\- if the field *partialFR2-FallbackRX-Req* is not present, the UE shall
meet all applicable UE RF requirements for the highest order CA
configuration and all associated fallback CA configurations;

\- if the field *partialFR2-FallbackRX-Req* is present, for each FR2
intra-band CA configuration with multiple sub-blocks that the UE
indicates support for explicitly in UE capability signalling: the in-gap
UE RF requirements in clauses 7.5A, 7.5B, 7.6A, 7.6B apply as the
equivalent requirements for the associated fallback FR2 intra-band CA
configurations with the same number of sub-blocks, where at least one of
the sub-blocks consists of a contiguous CA configuration. The UE shall
meet all applicable UE RF requirements for fallback CA configurations
with a lesser number of sub-blocks;

\- regardless of the field *partialFR2-FallbackRX-Req*, the UE shall
meet all DL out-of-gap requirements for all lower order fallback CA
configurations.

Terminal that supports inter-band NR-DC between FR1 and FR2
configuration shall meet the requirements for corresponding CA
configuration (suffix A), unless otherwise specified.

4.3 Specification suffix information
------------------------------------

Unless stated otherwise the following suffixes are used for indicating
at 2^nd^ level clause, shown in Table 4.3-1.

Table 4.3-1: Definition of suffixes

  Clause suffix   Variant
  --------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  None            Single Carrier
  A               Carrier Aggregation (CA) between FR1 and FR2
  B               Dual-Connectivity (DC) with and without SUL including UL sharing from UE perspective, inter-band NR DC between FR1 and FR2
  D               UL MIMO
  E               V2X
  F               Shared spectrum channel access

5 Operating bands and channel arrangement
=========================================

5.1 General
-----------

The channel arrangements presented in this clause are based on the
operating bands and channel bandwidths defined in the present release of
specifications.

NOTE: Other operating bands and channel bandwidths may be considered in
future releases.

Requirements throughout the RF specifications are in many cases defined
separately for different frequency ranges (FR). The frequency ranges in
which NR can operate according to this version of the specifications are
identified as described in Table 5.1-1.

Table 5.1-1: Definition of frequency ranges

  Frequency range designation   Corresponding frequency range
  ----------------------------- -------------------------------
  FR1                           410 MHz -- 7125 MHz
  FR2                           24250 MHz -- 52600 MHz

The present specification covers band combinations including

\- at least one FR1 operating band and one FR2 operating band for
carrier aggregation and dual connectivity operations;

\- at least one E-UTRA operating band for dual connectivity operations.

5.2 Operating bands
-------------------

NR is designed to operate in FR1 operating bands defined in TS 38.101-1
\[2\] and FR2 operating bands defined in TS 38.101-2 \[3\]. E-UTRA is
designed to operate in operating bands defined in TS 36.101 \[4\].

5.2A Operating bands for CA
---------------------------

### 5.2A.1 Inter-band CA between FR1 and FR2

NR carrier aggregation is designed to operate in the operating bands
defined in Table 5.2A.1‑1 and Table 5.2A.1-2. The band combinations
include at least one FR1 operating band and one FR2 operating band.

Operating bands for CA including Band n90 are defined by the
corresponding operating bands for CA including Band n41 with Band n90
replacing Band n41. For brevity the said operating bands for CA
including Band n90 are not listed in the tables below but are covered by
this specification.

If the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability applies for a lower order
band combination, when the applicable lower order band combination is a
band pair in a higher order band combination, the mandatory simultaneous
Rx/Tx capability also applies for the band pairin the higher order band
combination.

Table 5.2A.1-1: Band combinations for inter-band CA between FR1 and FR2
(two bands)

  NR CA Band                                                                                                          NR Band
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------
  CA\_n1-n257^1^                                                                                                      n1, n257
  CA\_n3-n257^1^                                                                                                      n3, n257
  CA\_n5-n260^1^                                                                                                      n5, n260
  CA\_n5-n261^1^                                                                                                      n5, n261
  CA\_n8-n258^1^                                                                                                      n8, n258
  CA\_n25-n260^1^                                                                                                     n25, n260
  CA\_n25-n261^1^                                                                                                     n25, n261
  CA\_n28-n257^1^                                                                                                     n28, n257
  CA\_n41-n260^1^                                                                                                     n41, n260
  CA\_n41-n261^1^                                                                                                     n41, n261
  CA\_n66-n260                                                                                                        n66, n260
  CA\_n66-n261                                                                                                        n66, n261
  CA\_n71-n257^1^                                                                                                     n71, n257
  CA\_n71-n260^1^                                                                                                     n71, n260
  CA\_n71-n261^1^                                                                                                     n71, n261
  CA\_n77-n257^1^                                                                                                     n77, n257
  CA\_n77-n258^1^                                                                                                     n77, n258
  CA\_n77-n261^1^                                                                                                     n77, n261
  CA\_n78-n257^1^                                                                                                     n78, n257
  CA\_n78-n258^1^                                                                                                     n78, n258
  CA\_n79-n257^1^                                                                                                     n79, n257
  CA\_n79-n258^1^                                                                                                     n79, n258
  NOTE 1: Applicable for UE supporting inter-band carrier aggregation with mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability.   

Table 5.2A.1-2: Band combinations for inter-band CA between FR1 and FR2
(three bands)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------
  NR CA Band                                                                                                          NR Band
  CA\_n1-n78-n257^1^                                                                                                  n1, n78, n257
  CA\_n3-n28-n257^1^                                                                                                  n3, n28, n257
  CA\_n3-n77-n257^1^                                                                                                  n3, n77, n257
  CA\_n3-n78-n257^1^                                                                                                  n3, n78, n257
  CA\_n28-n77-n257^1^                                                                                                 n28, n77, n257
  CA\_n28-n78-n257^1^                                                                                                 n28, n78, n257
  CA\_n77-n79-n257                                                                                                    n77, n79, n257
  CA\_n78-n79-n257                                                                                                    n78, n79, n257
  NOTE 1: Applicable for UE supporting inter-band carrier aggregation with mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability.   
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------

Table 5.2A.1-3: Band combinations for inter-band CA between FR1 and FR2
(four bands)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------
  NR CA Band                                                                                                          NR Band
  CA\_n3-n28-n77-n257^1^                                                                                              n3, n28, n77, n257
  CA\_n3-n28-n78-n257^1^                                                                                              n3, n28, n78, n257
  NOTE 1: Applicable for UE supporting inter-band carrier aggregation with mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability.   
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------

5.2B Operating bands for DC
---------------------------

### 5.2B.1 General

The operating bands are specified in clause 5.5B for operation with
EN-DC, NGEN-DC, NE-DC or NR-DC configured.

### 5.2B.2 Void

### 5.2B.3 Void

### 5.2B.4 Void

### 5.2B.5 Void

### 5.2B.6 Void

### 5.2B.7 Void

5.2E Operating bands for V2X
----------------------------

### 5.2E.1 Intra-band V2X bands

NR V2X operation is designed to operate with E-UTRA sidelink in TDM mode
on the operating bands combinations listed in Table 5.2E.1-1.

Table 5.2E.1-1: Intra-band V2X operating bands

  E-UTRA V2X-NR V2X Band Combination              E-UTRA or NR Band   Interface
  ----------------------------------------------- ------------------- -----------
  V2X\_47\_n47^1^                                 47                  PC5
                                                  n47                 PC5
  NOTE 1: Only single switched SL is supported.                       

### 5.2E.2 Inter-band V2X bands

NR V2X operation is designed to operate concurrent with E-UTRA
uplink/downlink on the operating bands combinations listed in Table
5.2E.2-1.

Table 5.2E.2-1: Inter-band con-current V2X operating bands

  E-UTRA-NR V2X Band Combination                              E-UTRA or NR Band   Interface
  ----------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- -----------
  V2X\_20\_n38                                                20                  Uu
                                                              n38                 PC5
  V2X\_ n71\_47                                               47                  PC5
                                                              n71                 Uu
  V2X\_n71\_(n) 47^1^                                         47                  PC5
                                                              n47                 PC5
                                                              n71                 Uu
  NOTE 1: Only single switched SL in ITS band is supported.                       

5.3 UE Channel bandwidth
------------------------

5.3A UE Channel bandwidth for CA
--------------------------------

### 5.3A.1 Inter-band CA between FR1 and FR2

For inter-band NR CA between FR1 and FR2, a carrier aggregation
configuration is a combination of operating bands, each supporting a
carrier aggregation bandwidth class as specified in clause 5.3A.5 of TS
38.101-1 \[2\] and clause 5.3A.4 of TS 38.101-2 \[3\] independently.

5.3B UE Channel bandwidth for DC
--------------------------------

### 5.3B.0 General

For intra-band contiguous EN-DC, the aggregated channel bandwidth is sum
of the individual NR and E-UTRA channel bandwidths assuming nominal
EN-DC channel with 0 kHz offset spacing as specified in clause 5.4.

ENBW = BW~NR\_Channel~ + BW~E-UTRA\_Channel~

In the case where the NR sub-block and/or the E-UTRA sub-block itself is
composed of intra-band contiguous CA carriers, the EN-DC aggregated
channel bandwidth is the sum of the aggregated channel bandwidths of the
NR and E-UTRA sub-blocks assuming nominal EN-DC channel spacing between
the NR sub-block and E-UTRA sub-block.

ENBW = BW~NR\_Channel\_CA~ + BW~E-UTRA\_Channel\_CA~

Intra-band contiguous EN-DC configurations are defined using intra-band
contiguous EN-DC bandwidth class notation DC\_(n)Xyz where the first
EN-DC bandwidth class letter y indicates the number of contiguous E-UTRA
carriers and the second EN-DC bandwidth class letter z indicates the
number of contiguous NR carriers for the EN-DC combination of E-UTRA
Band X and NR Band nX. Applicable contiguous intra-band EN-DC bandwidth
classes are listed in Table 5.3B.0-1.

Table 5.3B.0-1: Intra-band contiguous EN-DC bandwidth classes

+---------------------------------------------+---------------+----+
| Intra-band contiguous EN-DC bandwidth class | Number of     |    |
|                                             |               |    |
|                                             | contiguous CC |    |
+=============================================+===============+====+
|                                             | E-UTRA        | NR |
+---------------------------------------------+---------------+----+
| AA                                          | 1             | 1  |
+---------------------------------------------+---------------+----+
| AB                                          | 1             | 2  |
+---------------------------------------------+---------------+----+
| CA                                          | 2             | 1  |
+---------------------------------------------+---------------+----+
| DA                                          | 3             | 1  |
+---------------------------------------------+---------------+----+

The UE channel bandwidths for band combinations including Band n41 also
apply for the corresponding band combinations with Band n90 replacing
Band n41 but with otherwise identical parameters. For brevity the said
UE channel bandwidths for band combinations with Band n90 are not listed
in the tables below but are covered by this specification.

### 5.3B.1 Intra-band EN-DC in FR1

#### 5.3B.1.1 General

The requirements for intra-band EN-DC in this specification are defined
for EN-DC configurations with associated bandwidth combination sets.

For each EN-DC configuration, requirements are specified for all
bandwidth combinations contained in a *bandwidth combination set*, which
is indicated per supported band combination in the UE radio access
capability. A UE can indicate support of several bandwidth combination
sets per band combination.

#### 5.3B.1.2 BCS for Intra-band contiguous EN-DC

For intra-band contiguous EN-DC, an EN-DC configuration is consisting of
an E-UTRA band and a corresponding NR band having the same frequency
range which supports an intra-band contiguous EN-DC bandwidth class. For
both the downlink and uplink, these EN-DC configurations comprise
contigous EN-DC sub-blocks as specified in Table 5.3B.0-1 with possible
additional E-UTRA sub-blocks in the downlink.

Bandwidth combination sets for intra-band contiguous EN-DC are specified
in Table 5.3B.1.2-1. The EN-DC configurations and bandwidth combination
sets in Table 5.3B.1.2-1 also apply to higher order EN-DC combinations
that include inter-band and intra-band EN-DC on the downlink and
inter-band EN-DC on the uplink. If no BCS is reported in the UE
capabilities for an intra-band combination the default is that the UE
supports BCS0.

Table 5.3B.1.2-1: EN-DC configurations and bandwidth combination sets
defined for intra-band contiguous EN-DC

+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
| E-UTRA   |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| -- NR    |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| confi    |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| guration |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| /        |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| B        |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| andwidth |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| com      |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| bination |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| set      |          |          |          |          |       |   |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+==========+=======+===+
| Downlink | Uplink   | C        | Maximum  | B        |       |   |
|          | EN-DC    | omponent | agg      | andwidth |       |   |
| EN-DC    | config   | carriers | regated\ | com      |       |   |
| confi    | urations | in order | b        | bination |       |   |
| guration |          | of       | andwidth | set      |       |   |
|          |          | in       | (MHz)    |          |       |   |
|          |          | creasing |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | carrier  |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | f        |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | requency |          |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | Channel  | Channel  | Channel  |       |   |
|          |          | ba       | ba       | ba       |       |   |
|          |          | ndwidths | ndwidths | ndwidths |       |   |
|          |          | for      | for NR   | for      |       |   |
|          |          | E-UTRA   | carrier  | E-UTRA   |       |   |
|          |          | carrier  | (MHz)    | carrier  |       |   |
|          |          | (MHz)    |          | (MHz)    |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
| DC       | DC\_(    | 5, 10    | 5, 10,   |          | 25    | 0 |
| \_(n)5AA | n)5AA^4^ |          | 15, 20   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 5, 10,   | 5, 10    |       |   |
|          |          |          | 15, 20   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
| DC\      | DC\_(n   | 5, 10    | 5, 10    |          | 15    | 0 |
| _(n)12AA | )12AA^4^ |          |          |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 5, 10    | 5, 10    |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
| DC\      | DC\_(n   | 5, 10,   | 5, 10,   |          | 50    | 0 |
| _(n)38AA | )38AA^4^ | 15, 20   | 15, 20,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 40       |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 5, 10,   | 5, 10,   |       |   |
|          |          |          | 15, 20,  | 15, 20   |       |   |
|          |          |          | 40       |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
| DC\      | DC\      | 20       | 40, 60,  |          | 120   | 0 |
| _(n)41AA | _(n)41AA |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 40, 60,  | 20       |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | 20       | 40, 50,  |          | 120   | 1 |
|          |          |          | 60,      |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 40, 50,  | 20       |       |   |
|          |          |          | 60,      |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | 20       | 10, 20,  |          | 120   | 2 |
|          |          |          | 30, 40,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 50, 60,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 10, 20,  | 20       |       |   |
|          |          |          | 30, 40,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 50, 60,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | 10       | 20, 30,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 40, 50,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 60,      |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 20, 30,  | 10       |       |   |
|          |          |          | 40, 50,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 60,      |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
| DC\      | DC\      | 10       | 20+20^7^ |          | 70    | 0 |
| _(n)41AB | _(n)41AA |          |          |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 20+20^7^ | 10       |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | 20       | 10+20^7^ |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 10+20^7^ | 20       |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | 20       | 20+30^7^ |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 20+30^7^ | 20       |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
| DC\      | DC\      | 20+20^7^ | 40, 60,  |          | 140   | 0 |
| _(n)41CA | _(n)41AA |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 40, 60,  | 20+20^7^ |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | 20+20^7^ | 40, 50,  |          | 140   | 1 |
|          |          |          | 60,      |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 40, 50,  | 20+20^7^ |       |   |
|          |          |          | 60,      |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | 20+20    | 10, 20,  |          | 140   | 2 |
|          |          |          | 30, 40,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 50, 60,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 10, 20,  | 20+20    |       |   |
|          |          |          | 30, 40,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 50, 60,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | 10+20    | 10, 20,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 30, 40,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 50, 60,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 10, 20,  | 10+20    |       |   |
|          |          |          | 30, 40,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 50, 60,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
| DC\      | DC\      | 20+      | 40, 60,  |          | 160   | 0 |
| _(n)41DA | _(n)41AA | 20+20^7^ | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 40, 60,  | 20+      |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   | 20+20^7^ |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | 20+      | 40, 50,  |          | 160   | 1 |
|          |          | 20+20^7^ | 60,      |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 40, 50,  | 20+      |       |   |
|          |          |          | 60,      | 20+20^7^ |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | 20+      | 30, 40,  |          | 160   | 2 |
|          |          | 20+20^7^ | 50, 60,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 30, 40,  | 20+      |       |   |
|          |          |          | 50, 60,  | 20+20^7^ |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | 20+      | 30, 40,  |          |       |   |
|          |          | 20+15^7^ | 50, 60,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 30, 40,  | 20+      |       |   |
|          |          |          | 50, 60,  | 20+15^7^ |       |   |
|          |          |          | 80,100   |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
| DC\      | DC\_(n   | 5, 10,   | 5, 10,   |          | 60    | 0 |
| _(n)48AA | )48AA^4^ | 15, 20   | 15, 20,  |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 40       |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 5, 10,   | 5, 10,   |       |   |
|          |          |          | 15, 20,  | 15, 20   |       |   |
|          |          |          | 40       |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
| DC\_48A  | DC\_(n   | See      | 5, 10,   |          | 80    | 0 |
| -(n)48AA | )48AA^4^ | CA\      | 15, 20,  |          |       |   |
|          |          | _48A-48A | 40       |          |       |   |
|          |          | B        |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | andwidth |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | Com      |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | bination |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | Set 0 in |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | TS       |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | 36.101   |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | Table    |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | 5.6A.1-3 |          |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 5, 10,   | See      |       |   |
|          |          |          | 15, 20,  | CA\      |       |   |
|          |          |          | 40       | _48A-48A |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | B        |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | andwidth |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | Com      |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | bination |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | Set 0 in |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | TS       |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | 36.101   |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | Table    |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | 5.6A.1-3 |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
| DC\      | DC\_(n   | See      | 5, 10,   |          | 80    | 0 |
| _(n)48CA | )48AA^4^ | CA\_48C  | 15, 20,  |          |       |   |
|          |          | B        | 40       |          |       |   |
|          |          | andwidth |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | Com      |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | bination |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | Set 0 in |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | TS       |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | 36.101   |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | Table    |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | 5.6A.1-1 |          |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 5, 10,   | See      |       |   |
|          |          |          | 15, 20,  | CA\_48C  |       |   |
|          |          |          | 40       | B        |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | andwidth |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | Com      |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | bination |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | Set 0 in |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | TS       |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | 36.101   |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | Table    |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | 5.6A.1-1 |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
| DC\      | DC\_(n   | See      | 5, 10,   |          | 100   | 0 |
| _(n)48DA | )48AA^4^ | CA\_48D  | 15, 20,  |          |       |   |
|          |          | B        | 40       |          |       |   |
|          |          | andwidth |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | Com      |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | bination |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | Set 0 in |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | TS       |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | 36.101   |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | Table    |          |          |       |   |
|          |          | 5.6A.1-1 |          |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 5, 10,   | See      |       |   |
|          |          |          | 15, 20,  | CA\_48D  |       |   |
|          |          |          | 40       | B        |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | andwidth |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | Com      |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | bination |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | Set 0 in |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | TS       |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | 36.101   |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | Table    |       |   |
|          |          |          |          | 5.6A.1-1 |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
| DC\      | DC\_(n   | 15       | 5        |          | 20    | 0 |
| _(n)71AA | )71AA^3^ |          |          |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | 10       | 5, 10    |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | 5        | 5, 10,   |          |       |   |
|          |          |          | 15       |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 5        | 15       |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 5, 10    | 10       |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 5, 10,   | 5        |       |   |
|          |          |          | 15       |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | 5        | 5,       |          | 25^3^ | 1 |
|          |          |          | 10,15,20 |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | 10       | 5,10,15  |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          | 15       | 5,10     |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 5,       | 5        |       |   |
|          |          |          | 10,15,20 |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 5,10,15  | 10       |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
|          |          |          | 5,10     | 15       |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+
| NOTE 1:  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| Void     |          |          |          |          |       |   |
|          |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| NOTE 2:  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| Void     |          |          |          |          |       |   |
|          |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| NOTE 3:  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| For      |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| maximum  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| DL       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| ag       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| gregated |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| b        |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| andwidth |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| of 25    |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| MHz the  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| as       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| ymmetric |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| UL and   |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| DL       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| channel  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| b        |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| andwidth |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| com      |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| bination |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| of Table |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| 5.3.6-1  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| in TS    |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| 38.101-1 |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| \[2\] is |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| used     |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| with a   |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| maximum  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| UL       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| co       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| ntiguous |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| ag       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| gregated |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| b        |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| andwidth |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| of       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| 20 MHz.  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| Furt     |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| hermore, |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| a        |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| res      |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| triction |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| is       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| imposed  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| on       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| b        |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| andwidth |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| comb     |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| inations |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| so that  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| only a   |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| subset   |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| of BCS1  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| is       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| allowed  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| to be    |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| used on  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| the      |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| uplink,  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| and this |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| subset   |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| is       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| eq       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| uivalent |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| to BCS0. |          |          |          |          |       |   |
|          |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| NOTE4:   |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| Only     |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| single   |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| switched |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| UL is    |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| su       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| pported. |          |          |          |          |       |   |
|          |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| NOTE5:   |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| For TDD  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| bands,   |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| the      |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| minimum  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| requ     |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| irements |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| only     |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| apply    |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| for      |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| non-simu |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| ltaneous |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| Tx/Rx    |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| between  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| all      |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| c        |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| arriers. |          |          |          |          |       |   |
|          |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| NOTE6:   |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| The UE   |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| does not |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| include  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| the      |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| intra    |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| BandENDC |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| -Support |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| and      |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| intraBan |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| dENDC-Su |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| pport-UL |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| (absent) |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| for      |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| these    |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| config   |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| urations |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| if       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| su       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| pported. |          |          |          |          |       |   |
|          |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| NOTE 7:  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| X+X or   |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| X+X+X    |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| presents |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| co       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| ntiguous |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| in       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| tra-band |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| CA       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| config   |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| urations |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| with     |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| c        |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| omponent |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| carriers |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| in order |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| of       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| in       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| creasing |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| carrier  |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| f        |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| requency |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| as       |          |          |          |          |       |   |
| listed   |          |          |          |          |       |   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+----------+-------+---+

#### 5.3B.1.3 BCS for Intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC

For intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC, an EN-DC configuration is
consisting of an E-UTRA band and a corresponding NR band having the same
frequency range which supports E-UTRA and NR carriers, where E-UTRA
configuration is indicated by using E-UTRA CA bandwidth class as defined
in TS 36.101 \[4\] and NR configuration is indicated by using NR CA
bandwidth class as defined in TS 38.101-1 \[2\].

Requirements for intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC are defined for the
EN-DC configurations and bandwidth combination sets specified in Table
5.3B.1.3-1. The EN-DC configurations and bandwidth combination sets in
Table 5.3B.1.3-1 also apply to higher order EN-DC combinations that
include inter-band and intra-band EN-DC on the downlink and inter-band
EN-DC on the uplink. If no BCS is reported in the UE capabilities for an
intra-band combination the default is that the UE supports BCS0.

Table 5.3B.1.3-1: EN-DC configurations and bandwidth combination sets
defined for intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| E-UTRA -- |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NR        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| conf      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| iguration |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| /         |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Bandwidth |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| co        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| mbination |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| set       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+=====+===+
| Downlink  | Uplink    | Component | Maximum   | Bandwidth |     |   |
|           | EN-DC     | carriers  | ag        | co        |     |   |
| EN-DC     | confi     | in order  | gregated\ | mbination |     |   |
| conf      | gurations | of        | bandwidth | set       |     |   |
| iguration |           | i         | (MHz)     |           |     |   |
|           |           | ncreasing |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | carrier   |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | frequency |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | Channel   | Channel   | Channel   |     |   |
|           |           | b         | b         | b         |     |   |
|           |           | andwidths | andwidths | andwidths |     |   |
|           |           | for       | for NR    | for       |     |   |
|           |           | E-UTRA    | carrier   | E-UTRA    |     |   |
|           |           | carrier   | (MHz)     | carrier   |     |   |
|           |           | (MHz)     |           | (MHz)     |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC        | DC\_2     | 5, 10,    | 5, 10,    |           | 40  | 0 |
| \_2A\_n2A | A\_n2A^2^ | 15, 20    | 15, 20    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC        | DC        |           | 5, 10,    | 5, 10,    | 50  | 0 |
| \_3A\_n3A | \_3A\_n3A |           | 15, 20,   | 15, 20    |     |   |
|           |           |           | 25, 30    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 5, 10,    | 5, 10,    | 50  | 1 |
|           |           |           | 15, 20,   | 15, 20    |     |   |
|           |           |           | 25, 30    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | 5, 10,    | 5, 10,    |           |     |   |
|           |           | 15, 20    | 15, 20,   |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 25, 30    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC        | DC\_5     | 5, 10     | 5, 10, 15 |           | 20  | 0 |
| \_5A\_n5A | A\_n5A^2^ |           |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC\_7     | DC\_7     | 5, 10,    | 5, 10,    |           | 40  | 0 |
| A\_n7A^3^ | A\_n7A^2^ | 15, 20    | 15, 20    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC\_      | DC\_      | 20        | 40, 60,   |           | 120 | 0 |
| 41A\_n41A | 41A\_n41A |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 60,   | 20        |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | 20        | 40, 50,   |           | 120 | 1 |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 50,   | 20        |     |   |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | 20        | 10, 20,   |           | 120 | 2 |
|           |           |           | 30, 40,   |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 50, 60,   |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 10, 20,   | 20        |     |   |
|           |           |           | 30, 40,   |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 50, 60,   |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | 10        | 20, 30,   |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 40, 50,   |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 20, 30,   | 10        |     |   |
|           |           |           | 40, 50,   |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC\_      | DC\_      | 20+20^6^  | 40, 60,   |           | 140 | 0 |
| 41C\_n41A | 41A\_n41A |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 60,   | 20+20^6^  |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | 20+20^6^  | 40, 50,   |           | 140 | 1 |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 50,   | 20+20^6^  |     |   |
|           |           |           | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC\_      | DC\_      | 20        | 40, 60,   |           | 160 | 0 |
| 41D\_n41A | 41A\_n41A | +20+20^6^ | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 60,   | 20        |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    | +20+20^6^ |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | 20        | 40, 50,   |           | 160 | 1 |
|           |           | +20+20^6^ | 60,       |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 40, 50,   | 20        |     |   |
|           |           |           | 60,       | +20+20^6^ |     |   |
|           |           |           | 80,100    |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC\_      | DC\_48A   | 5, 10,    | 5, 10,    |           | 60  | 0 |
| 48A\_n48A | \_n48A^2^ | 15, 20    | 15, 20,   |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 40        |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 5, 10,    | 5, 10,    |     |   |
|           |           |           | 15, 20,   | 15, 20    |     |   |
|           |           |           | 40        |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC\_48A-  | DC\_48A   | See       | 5, 10,    |           | 80  | 0 |
| 48A\_n48A | \_n48A^2^ | CA        | 15, 20,   |           |     |   |
|           |           | \_48A-48A | 40        |           |     |   |
|           |           | Bandwidth |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Co        |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | mbination |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Set 0 in  |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | TS 36.101 |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Table     |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | 5.6A.1-3  |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 5, 10,    | See       |     |   |
|           |           |           | 15, 20,   | CA        |     |   |
|           |           |           | 40        | \_48A-48A |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Bandwidth |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Co        |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | mbination |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Set 0 in  |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | TS 36.101 |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Table     |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | 5.6A.1-3  |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC\_      | DC\_48A   | See       | 5, 10,    |           | 80  | 0 |
| 48C\_n48A | \_n48A^2^ | CA\_48C   | 15, 20,   |           |     |   |
|           |           | Bandwidth | 40        |           |     |   |
|           |           | Co        |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | mbination |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Set 0 in  |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | TS 36.101 |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Table     |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | 5.6A.1-1  |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 5, 10,    | See       |     |   |
|           |           |           | 15, 20,   | CA\_48C   |     |   |
|           |           |           | 40        | Bandwidth |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Co        |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | mbination |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Set 0 in  |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | TS 36.101 |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Table     |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | 5.6A.1-1  |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC\_      | DC\_48A   | See       | 5, 10,    |           | 100 | 0 |
| 48D\_n48A | \_n48A^2^ | CA\_48D   | 15, 20,   |           |     |   |
|           |           | Bandwidth | 40        |           |     |   |
|           |           | Co        |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | mbination |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Set 0 in  |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | TS 36.101 |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Table     |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | 5.6A.1-1  |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 5, 10,    | See       |     |   |
|           |           |           | 15, 20,   | CA\_48D   |     |   |
|           |           |           | 40        | Bandwidth |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Co        |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | mbination |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Set 0 in  |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | TS 36.101 |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Table     |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | 5.6A.1-1  |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC\_      | DC\_66A   | 5, 10,    | 5, 10,    |           | 50  | 0 |
| 66A\_n66A | \_n66A^2^ | 15, 20    | 15, 20,   |           |     |   |
|           |           |           | 40        |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC\_66A-  | DC\_66A   | See       | 5, 10,    |           | 70  | 0 |
| 66A\_n66A | \_n66A^2^ | CA        | 15,       |           |     |   |
|           |           | \_66A-66A | 20, 40    |           |     |   |
|           |           | Bandwidth |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Co        |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | mbination |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Set 0 in  |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | TS 36.101 |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Table     |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | 5.6A.1-3  |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| NOTE 1:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Void.     |           |           |           |           |     |   |
|           |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NOTE 2:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Only      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| single    |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| switched  |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| UL is     |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| s         |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| upported. |           |           |           |           |     |   |
|           |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NOTE 3:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Req       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| uirements |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| in this   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| spec      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| ification |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| apply for |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NR SCS of |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| 15 kHz    |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| only.     |           |           |           |           |     |   |
|           |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NOTE 4:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| For TDD   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| bands,    |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| the       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| minimum   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| req       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| uirements |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| only      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| apply for |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| non-sim   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| ultaneous |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Tx/Rx     |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| between   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| all       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| carriers. |           |           |           |           |     |   |
|           |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NOTE 5:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| The UE    |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| s         |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| upporting |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| the       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| confi     |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| gurations |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| indicates |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| int       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| raBandEND |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| C-Support |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| =         |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| 'non-co   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| ntiguous' |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| with      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| intraB    |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| andENDC-S |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| upport-UL |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| absent.   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
|           |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NOTE 6:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| X+X or    |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| X+X+X     |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| presents  |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| c         |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| ontiguous |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| i         |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| ntra-band |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| CA        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| confi     |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| gurations |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| with      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| component |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| carriers  |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| in order  |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| of        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| i         |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| ncreasing |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| carrier   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| frequency |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| as listed |           |           |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+

Table 5.3B.1.3-2: EN-DC configurations and bandwidth combination sets
defined for mixed intra-band contiguous and non-contiguous EN-DC

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| E-UTRA -- |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NR        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| conf      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| iguration |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| /         |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Bandwidth |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| co        |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| mbination |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| set       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+=====+===+
| Downlink  | Uplink    | Component | Maximum   | Bandwidth |     |   |
|           | EN-DC     | carriers  | ag        | co        |     |   |
| EN-DC     | confi     | in order  | gregated\ | mbination |     |   |
| conf      | gurations | of        | bandwidth | set       |     |   |
| iguration |           | i         | (MHz)     |           |     |   |
|           |           | ncreasing |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | carrier   |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | frequency |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           | Channel   | Channel   | Channel   |     |   |
|           |           | b         | b         | b         |     |   |
|           |           | andwidths | andwidths | andwidths |     |   |
|           |           | for       | for NR    | for       |     |   |
|           |           | E-UTRA    | carrier   | E-UTRA    |     |   |
|           |           | carrier   | (MHz)     | carrier   |     |   |
|           |           | (MHz)     |           | (MHz)     |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC\_(n)   | DC\_48A   | See       | 5, 10,    |           | 80  | 0 |
| 48CA^5,6^ | \_n48A^2^ | CA\_48C   | 15, 20,   |           |     |   |
|           |           | Bandwidth | 40        |           |     |   |
|           |           | Co        |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | mbination |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Set 0 in  |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | TS 36.101 |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Table     |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | 5.6A.1-1  |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 5, 10,    | See       |     |   |
|           |           |           | 15, 20,   | CA\_48C   |     |   |
|           |           |           | 40        | Bandwidth |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Co        |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | mbination |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Set 0 in  |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | TS 36.101 |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Table     |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | 5.6A.1-1  |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC\_(n)   | DC\_48A   | See       | 5, 10,    |           | 100 | 0 |
| 48DA^5,6^ | \_n48A^2^ | CA\_48D   | 15, 20,   |           |     |   |
|           |           | Bandwidth | 40        |           |     |   |
|           |           | Co        |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | mbination |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Set 0 in  |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | TS 36.101 |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Table     |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | 5.6A.1-1  |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 5, 10,    | See       |     |   |
|           |           |           | 15, 20,   | CA\_48D   |     |   |
|           |           |           | 40        | Bandwidth |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Co        |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | mbination |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Set 0 in  |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | TS 36.101 |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Table     |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | 5.6A.1-1  |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| DC        | DC\_48A   | See       | 5, 10,    |           | 80  | 0 |
| \_48A-(n) | \_n48A^2^ | CA        | 15, 20,   |           |     |   |
| 48AA^4,5^ |           | \_48A-48A | 40        |           |     |   |
|           |           | Bandwidth |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Co        |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | mbination |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Set 0 in  |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | TS 36.101 |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | Table     |           |           |     |   |
|           |           | 5.6A.1-3  |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
|           |           |           | 5, 10,    | See       |     |   |
|           |           |           | 15, 20,   | CA        |     |   |
|           |           |           | 40        | \_48A-48A |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Bandwidth |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Co        |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | mbination |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Set 0 in  |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | TS 36.101 |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | Table     |     |   |
|           |           |           |           | 5.6A.1-3  |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+
| NOTE 1:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Void.     |           |           |           |           |     |   |
|           |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NOTE 2:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Only      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| single    |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| switched  |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| UL is     |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| s         |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| upported. |           |           |           |           |     |   |
|           |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NOTE 3:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Req       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| uirements |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| in this   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| spec      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| ification |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| apply for |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NR SCS of |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| 15 kHz    |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| only.     |           |           |           |           |     |   |
|           |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NOTE 4:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| For TDD   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| bands,    |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| the       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| minimum   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| req       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| uirements |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| only      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| apply for |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| non-sim   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| ultaneous |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| Tx/Rx     |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| between   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| all       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| carriers. |           |           |           |           |     |   |
|           |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NOTE 5:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| The UE    |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| s         |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| upporting |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| these     |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| confi     |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| gurations |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| indicates |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| intraB    |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| andENDC-S |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| upport-UL |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| =         |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| 'non-co   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| ntiguous' |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| with      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| int       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| raBandEND |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| C-Support |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| absent.   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
|           |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| NOTE 6:   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| The       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| minimum   |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| req       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| uirements |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| also      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| apply for |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| the       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| i         |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| ntra-band |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| non-c     |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| ontiguous |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| fallback  |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| resulting |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| from      |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| releasing |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| an Scell  |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| within    |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| the       |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| sub-block |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| bandwidth |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| of the    |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| downlink  |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| config    |           |           |           |           |     |   |
| uration.. |           |           |           |           |     |   |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----+---+

5.3C Void
---------

5.3D Void
---------

5.3E UE Channel bandwidth for V2X
---------------------------------

### 5.3E.0 General

The requirements specified in clause 5.3B are applicable to NR V2X UE.

### 5.3E.1 Intra-band contiguous V2X in FR1

For intra-band contiguous E-UTRA NR V2X UE, an EN-DC bandwidth class in
Table 5.3B.0-1 are considered to specify the V2X transmission/reception
configurations.

Bandwidth combination sets and V2X transmission/reception configurations
for intra-band contiguous V2X UE are specified in Table 5.3E.1-1.

Table 5.3E.1-1: E-UTRA-NR V2X configurations and bandwidth combination
sets for intra-band contiguous V2X UE

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **V2X configuration**   **SL transmisison band**        Channel bandwidths for E-UTRA carrier (MHz)   Channel bandwidths for NR carrier (MHz)   **Maximum aggregated\   **Bandwidth combination set**
                                                                                                                                                  bandwidth (MHz)**       
  ----------------------- ------------------------------- --------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ----------------------- -------------------------------
  V2X\_(n)47AA            E-UTRA Band 47 or NR band n47   10                                            10,20,30,40                               60                      0

                                                          20                                            10,20,30,40                                                       
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 5.3E.2 Intra-band non-contiguous V2X in FR1

For intra-band non-contiguous E-UTRA NR V2X UE, an EN-DC bandwidth class
in Table 5.3B.0-1 are considered to specify the V2X
transmission/reception configurations.

Bandwidth combination sets and SL transmission/reception configurations
for intra-band non-contiguous V2X are specified in Table 5.3E.2-1.

Table 5.3E.2-1: E-UTRA-NR V2X configurations and bandwidth combination
sets for intra-band non-contiguous V2X UE

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  V2X configuration   SL transmisison band            Channel bandwidths for E-UTRA carrier (MHz)   Channel bandwidths for NR carrier (MHz)   Maximum aggregated\   Bandwidth combination set
                                                                                                                                              bandwidth (MHz)       
  ------------------- ------------------------------- --------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- --------------------- ---------------------------
  V2X\_47A\_n47A      E-UTRA Band 47 or NR band n47   10                                            10,20,30,40                               60                    0

                                                      20                                            10,20,30,40                                                     
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 5.3E.3 Inter-band V2X in FR1

For inter-band E-UTRA NR V2X UE, the each channel bandwidth for
inter-band V2X operations in FR1 is specified in TS 36.101 \[4\] and TS
38.101-1 \[2\], respectively.

5.4 Void
--------

5.4A Channel arrangement for CA
-------------------------------

The channel arrangement for CA operations in FR1 and FR2 as specified in
TS 38.101-1 \[2\] and TS 38.101-2 \[3\], respectively.

5.4B Channel arrangement for DC
-------------------------------

### 5.4B.0 General

The channel arrangement for intra-band EN-DC operations in FR1 is
specified in TS 36.101 \[4\] and TS 38.101-1 \[2\], respectively.

### 5.4B.1 Channel spacing for intra-band EN-DC carriers

The spacing between carriers will depend on the deployment scenario, the
size of the frequency block available and the channel bandwidths. The
nominal channel spacing between E-UTRA carrier and an adjacent NR
carrier for intra-band contiguous EN-DC is defined as following:

\- For NR operating bands with 100 kHz channel raster,

Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~E-UTRA\_Channel~ + BW~NR\_Channel~)/2

\- For NR operating bands with 15 kHz channel raster,

\- Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~E-UTRA\_Channel~ +
BW~NR\_Channel~)/2+{-5kHz, 0kHz, 5kHz} for ∆F~Raster~ equals to 15 kHz

\- Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~E-UTRA\_Channel~ +
BW~NR\_Channel~)/2+{-10 kHz, 0 kHz, 10 kHz} for ∆F~Raster~ equals to
30 kHz

where BW~E-UTRA\_Channel~ and BW~NR\_Channel~ are the channel bandwidths
of the E-UTRA and NR carriers, ∆F~Raster~ is the band dependent channel
raster granularity defined in TS38.101-1\[2\]. The channel spacing can
be adjusted depending on the channel raster to optimize performance in a
particular deployment scenario.

For intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC the channel spacing between E-UTRA
and NR carriers shall be larger than the nominal channel spacing defined
in this clause.

5.5 Configuration
-----------------

5.5A Configuration for CA
-------------------------

#### 5.5A.1 Inter-band CA configurations between FR1 and FR2

The configurations for operating bands for CA including Band n41 also
apply for the corresponding operating bands for CA with Band n90
replacing Band n41 but with otherwise identical parameters. For brevity
the said configuration for operating bands for CA with Band n90 are not
listed in the tables below but are covered by this specification.

Table 5.5A.1-1: Inter-band CA configurations and bandwidth combinations
sets between FR1 and FR2 (two bands)

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>NR CA configuration</td>
<td>Uplink CA configuration</td>
<td>NR Band</td>
<td>Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 3)</td>
<td>Bandwidth combination set</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n1A-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n1A-n257A</td>
<td>n1</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n3A-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n3A-n257A</td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n3A-n257D</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257D</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257D</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n3A-n257G</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257G</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257G</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n3A-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257H</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257H</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n3A-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257I</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257I</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n260A</td>
<td>CA_n5A-n260A</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n260(2A)</td>
<td>CA_n5A-n260A</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(2A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n260(3A)</td>
<td>CA_n5A-n260A</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(3A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n260(4A)</td>
<td>CA_n5A-n260A</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(4A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n260(5A)</td>
<td>CA_n5A-n260A</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(5A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n260(6A)</td>
<td>CA_n5A-n260A</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(6A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n260(7A)</td>
<td>CA_n5A-n260A</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(7A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n260(8A)</td>
<td>CA_n5A-n260A</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(8A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n261A</td>
<td>CA_n5A-n261A</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n261(2A)</td>
<td>CA_n5A-n261A</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261(2A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n261(3A)</td>
<td>CA_n5A-n261A</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261(3A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n261(4A)</td>
<td>CA_n5A-n261A</td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261(4A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n261G</td>
<td><p>CA_n5A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n5A-n261G</p></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261G</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n261H</td>
<td><p>CA_n5A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n5A-n261G</p>
<p>CA_n5A-n261H</p></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261H</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n261I</td>
<td><p>CA_n5A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n5A-n261G</p>
<p>CA_n5A-n261H</p>
<p>CA_n5A-n261I</p></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261I</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n261J</td>
<td><p>CA_n5A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n5A_n261G</p>
<p>CA_n5A_n261H</p>
<p>CA_n5A_n261I</p></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261J</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n261K</td>
<td><p>CA_n5A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n5A_n261G</p>
<p>CA_n5A_n261H</p>
<p>CA_n5A_n261I</p></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261J</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n261L</td>
<td><p>CA_n5A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n5A_n261G</p>
<p>CA_n5A_n261H</p>
<p>CA_n5A_n261I</p></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261L</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n5A-n261M</td>
<td><p>CA_n5A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n5A-n261G</p>
<p>CA_n5A-n261H</p>
<p>CA_n5A-n261I</p></td>
<td>n5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261M</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n8A-n258A</td>
<td>CA_n8A-n258A</td>
<td>n8</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n258</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n25A-n260A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n25A-n260(2A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(2A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n25A-n260(3A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(3A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n25A-n260(4A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(4A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n25A-n261A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n25A-n261(2A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n25</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261(2A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n28A-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n28A-n257A</td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n28A-n257D</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257D</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257D</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n28A-n257G</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257G</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257G</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n28A-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257H</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257H</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n28A-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257I</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257I</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n41A-n260A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n41A-n260(2A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(2A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n41A-n260(3A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(3A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n41A-n260(4A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(4A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n41C-n260A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>CA_n41C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n41C-n260(2A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>CA_n41C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(2A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n41(2A)-n260A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>CA_n41(2A) BCS1</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n41(2A)-n260(2A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>CA_n41(2A) BCS1</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(2A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n41A-n261A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n41A-n261(2A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261(2A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n41C-n261A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>CA_n41C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n41(2A)-n261A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>CA_n41(2A) BCS1</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n41C-n261(2A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>CA_n41C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261(2A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n41(2A)-n261(2A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>CA_n41(2A) BCS1</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261(2A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n66A-n260A</td>
<td>CA_n66A-n260A</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n260(2A)</td>
<td>CA_n66A-n260A</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(2A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n260(3A)</td>
<td>CA_n66A-n260A</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(3A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n260(4A)</td>
<td>CA_n66A-n260A</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(4A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n260(5A)</td>
<td>CA_n66A-n260A</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(5A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n260(6A)</td>
<td>CA_n66A-n260A</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(6A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n260(7A)</td>
<td>CA_n66A-n260A</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(7A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n260(8A)</td>
<td>CA_n66A-n260A</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(8A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n261A</td>
<td>CA_n66A-n261A</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n261(2A)</td>
<td>CA_n66A-n261A</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261(2A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n261(3A)</td>
<td>CA_n66A-n261A</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261(3A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n261(4A)</td>
<td>CA_n66A-n261A</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261(4A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n261G</td>
<td><p>CA_n66A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n66A-n261G</p></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261G</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n261H</td>
<td><p>CA_n66A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n66A-n261G</p>
<p>CA_n66A-n261H</p></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261H</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n261I</td>
<td><p>CA_n66A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n66A-n261G</p>
<p>CA_n66A-n261H</p>
<p>CA_n66A-n261</p></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n261J</td>
<td>CA_n66A-n261A</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261J</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n261K</td>
<td>CA_n66A-n261A</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261K</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n261L</td>
<td>CA_n66A-n261A</td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261L</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n66A-n261M</td>
<td><p>CA_n66A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n66A-n261G</p>
<p>CA_n66A-n261H</p>
<p>CA_n66A-n261I</p></td>
<td>n66</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261M</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n71A-n257A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n71A-n260A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n71A-n260(2A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(2A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n71A-n260(3A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(3A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n71A-n260(4A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n260</td>
<td>CA_n260(4A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n71A-n261A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n71A-n261(2A)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n71</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261(2A)</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n257D</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257D</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257D</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n257E</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257E</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n257F</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257F</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n257G</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257G</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G</p>
<p>CA_n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257H</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G</p>
<p>CA_n257H</p>
<p>CA_n257I</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257I</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257I</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n257J</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G</p>
<p>CA_n257H</p>
<p>CA_n257I</p>
<p>CA_n257J</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257I</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257J</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257J in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n257K</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G</p>
<p>CA_n257H</p>
<p>CA_n257I</p>
<p>CA_n257J</p>
<p>CA_n257K</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257I</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257J</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257K</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257K in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n257L</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G</p>
<p>CA_n257H</p>
<p>CA_n257I</p>
<p>CA_n257J</p>
<p>CA_n257K</p>
<p>CA_n257L</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257I,</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257J</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257K</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257L</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257L in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n257M</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G</p>
<p>CA_n257H</p>
<p>CA_n257I</p>
<p>CA_n257J</p>
<p>CA_n257K</p>
<p>CA_n257L</p>
<p>CA_n257M</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257I</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257J</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257K</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257L</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257M</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257M in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77C-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77C-n257D</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257D</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77C-n257E</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257E</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77C-n257F</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>CA_n77C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257F</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77(2A)-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n257A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>CA_n77(2A)</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77(2A)-n257D</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257D</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>CA_n77(2A)</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257D</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77(2A)-n257G</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>CA_n77(2A)</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257G</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77(2A)-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>CA_n77(2A)</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257H</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77(2A)-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257I</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>CA_n77(2A)</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257I in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77(2A)-n257J</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257I</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257J</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>See CA_n77(2A) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257J in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77(2A)-n257K</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257I</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257J</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257K</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>See CA_n77(2A) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257K in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77(2A)-n257L</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257I</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257J</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257K</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257L</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>See CA_n77(2A) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257L in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77(2A)-n257M</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257I</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257J</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257K</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257L</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257M</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>See CA_n77(2A) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257M in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n258A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n258</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261A</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n261A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261D</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261D</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261D</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261G</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261G</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261G</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261H</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261H</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261H</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261I</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261I</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>CA_n261I</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261J</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261I</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261J</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>See CA_n261J in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261K</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261H CA_n77A-n261I</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261J</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261K</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>See CA_n261K in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261L</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261I</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261J</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261K</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261L</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>See CA_n261L in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261M</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n261A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261I</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261J</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261K</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261L</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n261M</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>See CA_n261M in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261(2A)</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n261A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>See CA_n261(2A) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261(2G)</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n261A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>See CA_n261(2G) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261(2H)</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n261A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>See CA_n261(2H) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261(2I)</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n261A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>See CA_n261(2I) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261(3A)</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n261A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>See CA_n261(3A) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261(4A)</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n261A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>See CA_n261(4A) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261(A-G)</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n261A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>See CA_n261(A-G) in Table 5.5A.2-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261(A-H)</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n261A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>See CA_n261(A-H) in Table 5.5A.2-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261(A-I)</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n261A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>See CA_n261(A-I) in Table 5.5A.2-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261(G-H)</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n261A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>See CA_n261(G-H) in Table 5.5A.2-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261(G-I)</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n261A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>See CA_n261(G-I) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n261(H-I)</td>
<td>CA_n77A-n261A</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n261</td>
<td>See CA_n261(H-I) in Table 5.5A.2-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n257D</td>
<td><p>CA_n78A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257D</p></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257D</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n257E</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257E</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n257F</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257F</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78C-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>CA_n78C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78C-n257D</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>CA_n78C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257D</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78C-n257E</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>CA_n78C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257E</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78C-n257F</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td>CA_n78C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257F</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n257G</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257G</p></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257G</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G</p>
<p>CA_n257H</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257H</p></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257H</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G</p>
<p>CA_n257H</p>
<p>CA_n257I</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257I</p></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257I</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n257J</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257J</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n257K</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257K</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n257L</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257L</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n257M</td>
<td>CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257M</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n258A</td>
<td><strong>CA_n78A-n258A</strong></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n258</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>CA_n78A-n258G</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>CA_n78A-n258A</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258G</strong></p></td>
<td><strong>n78</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>n258</strong></td>
<td><strong>See CA_n258G Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 from 38.101-2</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>CA_n78A-n258H</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>CA_n78A-n258A</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258G</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258H</strong></p></td>
<td><strong>n78</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>n258</strong></td>
<td><strong>See CA_n258H Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 from 38.101-2</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>CA_n78A-n258I</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>CA_n78A-n258A</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258G</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258H</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258I</strong></p></td>
<td><strong>n78</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>n258</strong></td>
<td><strong>See CA_n258I Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 from 38.101-2</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>CA_n78A-n258J</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>CA_n78A-n258A</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258G</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258H</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258I</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258J</strong></p></td>
<td><strong>n78</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>n258</strong></td>
<td><strong>See CA_n258J Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 from 38.101-2</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>CA_n78A-n258K</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>CA_n78A-n258A</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258G</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258H</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258I</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258J</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258K</strong></p></td>
<td><strong>n78</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>n258</strong></td>
<td><strong>See CA_n258K Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 from 38.101-2</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>CA_n78A-n258L</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>CA_n78A-n258A</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258G</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258H</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258I</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258J</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258K</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258L</strong></p></td>
<td><strong>n78</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>n258</strong></td>
<td><strong>See CA_n258L Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 from 38.101-2</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>CA_n78A-n258M</strong></td>
<td><p><strong>CA_n78A-n258A</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258G</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258H</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258I</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258J</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258K</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258L</strong></p>
<p><strong>CA_n78A-n258M</strong></p></td>
<td><strong>n78</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>n258</strong></td>
<td><strong>See CA_n258M Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 from 38.101-2</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n79A-n257D</td>
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257D</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n79A-n257E</td>
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257E</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n79A-n257F</td>
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257F</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n79A-n257G</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257A, CA_n79A-n257G</p></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257G</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n79A-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G CA_n257H</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257H</p></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257H</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n79A-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G</p>
<p>CA_n257H</p>
<p>CA_n257I</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257I</p></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257I</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n79C-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td>CA_n79C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n79C-n257D</td>
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td>CA_n79C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257D</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n79C-n257E</td>
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td>CA_n79C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257E</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n79C-n257F</td>
<td>CA_n79A-n257A</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td>CA_n79C</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>CA_n257F</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n79A-n258A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n258</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>NOTE 1: This UE channel bandwidth is optional in this release of the specification. (From Table 5.3.5-1 of 38.101-1)</p>
<p>NOTE 2: The CA configurations are given in Table 5.5A.1-1 of either TS 38.101-1 or TS 38.101-2 where unless otherwise stated BCS0 is referred to.</p>
<p>NOTE 3: The SCS of each channel bandwidth for NR FR1 and NR FR2 band refers to Table 5.3.5-1 of TS 38.101-1 and TS 38.101-2 respectively.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 5.5A.1-2: Inter-band CA configurations and bandwidth combination
sets between FR1 and FR2 (three bands)

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>NR CA configuration</td>
<td>Uplink configuration</td>
<td>NR Band</td>
<td>Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)</td>
<td>Bandwidth combination set</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n1A-n78A-n257A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n1</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n3A-n28A-n257A</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n28A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n3A-n28A-n257D</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n28A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257D</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257D</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257D BCS0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n3A-n28A-n257G</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n28A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257G</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G BCS0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n3A-n28A-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n28A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257H</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257H BCS0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n3A-n28A-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n28A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257I</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257I</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257I BCS0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n3A-n77A-n257A</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n3A-n77A-n257D</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257D</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257D</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257D in Table 5.5A.1-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n3A-n77A-n257G</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G in Table 5.5A.1-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n3A-n77A-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257H in Table 5.5A.1-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n3A-n77A-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257I</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257I</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257I in Table 5.5A.1-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n3A-n77(2A)-n257A</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>See CA_n77(2A) Bandwidth Combination Set 0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n3A-n77(2A)-n257D</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257D</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257D</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>See CA_n77(2A) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257D in Table 5.5A.1-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n3A-n77(2A)-n257G</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257D</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>See CA_n77(2A) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G in Table 5.5A.1-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n3A-n77(2A)-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>See CA_n77(2A) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257H in Table 5.5A.1-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n3A-n77(2A)-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257I</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257I</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>See CA_n77(2A) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257I in Table 5.5A.1-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n3A-n78A-n257A</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n78A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257A</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n3A-n78A-n257D</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n78A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257D</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257D</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257D in Table 5.5A.1-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n3A-n78A-n257G</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n78A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257G</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G in Table 5.5A.1-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n3A-n78A-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n78A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257H</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257H in Table 5.5A.1-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n3A-n78A-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n3A-n78A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n3A-n257I</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257I</p></td>
<td>n3</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257I in Table 5.5A.1-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n28A-n77A-n257A</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n28A-n77A-n257D</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257D</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257D</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257D in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n28A-n77A-n257G</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n28A-n77A-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257H in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n28A-n77A-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257I</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257I</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257I in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n28A-n77(2A)-n257A</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>See CA_n77(2A) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n28A-n77(2A)-n257D</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257D</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257D</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>See CA_n77(2A) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257D in Table 5.5A.1-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n28A-n77(2A)-n257G</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>See CA_n77(2A) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G in Table 5.5A.1-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n28A-n77(2A)-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>See CA_n77(2A) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257H in Table 5.5A.1-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n28A-n77(2A)-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n77A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257I</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257I</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td>See CA_n77(2A) in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257I in Table 5.5A.1-2 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n28A-n78A-n257A</td>
<td>CA_n28A-n78A, CA_n28A-n257A, CA_n78A-n257A</td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n28A-n78A-n257D</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n78A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257D</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257D</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257D in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n28A-n78A-n257G</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n78A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257G</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n28A-n78A-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n78A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257H</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257H in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n28A-n78A-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n28A-n78A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n28A-n257I</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257I</p></td>
<td>n28</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257I in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n77A-n79A-n257A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n79A-n257G</td>
<td>CA_n257G</td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n77A-n79A-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G</p>
<p>CA_n257H</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G and CA_n257H in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n79A-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G</p>
<p>CA_n257H</p>
<p>CA_n257I</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G, n257H, and n257I in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n78A-n79A-n257A</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n79A-n257G</td>
<td>CA_n257G</td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n78A-n79A-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G</p>
<p>CA_n257H</p></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G and CA_n257H in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n79A-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n257G</p>
<p>CA_n257H</p>
<p>CA_n257I</p></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G, CA_n257H, and CA_n257I in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n77A-n79A-n257A</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257A</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n79A-n257G</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257G</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n77A-n79A-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257H</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G and n257H in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n77A-n79A-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n77A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n77A-n257I</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257I</p></td>
<td>n77</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G, n257H, and n257I in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n78A-n79A-n257A</td>
<td><p>CA_n78A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257A</p></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td>200</td>
<td>400</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n79A-n257G</td>
<td><p>CA_n78A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257G</p></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n78A-n79A-n257H</td>
<td><p>CA_n78A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257H</p></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G and n257H in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CA_n78A-n79A-n257I</td>
<td><p>CA_n78A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n78A-n257I</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257A</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257G</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257H</p>
<p>CA_n79A-n257I</p></td>
<td>n78</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n79</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n257</td>
<td>See CA_n257G, n257H, and n257I in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>NOTE 1: The SCS of each channel bandwidth for NR FR1 and NR FR2 band refers to Table 5.3.5-1 of TS 38.101-1 and TS 38.101-2 respectively.</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 5.5A.1-3: Inter-band CA configurations and bandwidth combination
sets between FR1 and FR2 (four bands)

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------- --------- ------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ----- ----- ----- ---
  NR CA configuration                                                                                                                         Uplink configuration   NR Band   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)                        Bandwidth combination set                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                                               5                                                       10                          15   20   25   30   40   50   60   80   90   100   200   400   
  CA\_n3A-n28A-n77A-n257A                                                                                                                     \-                     n3        5                                                       10                          15   20   25   30                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                     n28       5                                                       10                          15   20                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                     n77                                                               10                          15   20             40   50   60   80   90   100               
                                                                                                                                                                     n257                                                                                                                   50                  100   200   400   
  CA\_n3A-n28A-n77A-n257D                                                                                                                     \-                     n3        5                                                       10                          15   20   25   30                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                     n28       5                                                       10                          15   20                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                     n77                                                               10                          15   20             40   50   60   80   90   100               
                                                                                                                                                                     n257      See CA\_n257D BCS0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2                                                                                                
  CA\_n3A-n28A-n77A-n257G                                                                                                                     \-                     n3        5                                                       10                          15   20   25   30                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                     n28       5                                                       10                          15   20                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                     n77                                                               10                          15   20             40   50   60   80   90   100               
                                                                                                                                                                     n257      See CA\_n257G BCS0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2                                                                                                
  CA\_n3A-n28A-n77A-n257H                                                                                                                     \-                     n3        5                                                       10                          15   20   25   30                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                     n28       5                                                       10                          15   20                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                     n77                                                               10                          15   20             40   50   60   80   90   100               
                                                                                                                                                                     n257      See CA\_n257H BCS0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2                                                                                                
  CA\_n3A-n28A-n77A-n257I                                                                                                                     \-                     n3        5                                                       10                          15   20   25   30                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                     n28       5                                                       10                          15   20                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                     n77                                                               10                          15   20             40   50   60   80   90   100               
                                                                                                                                                                     n257      See CA\_n257I BCS0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2                                                                                                
  CA\_n3A-n28A-n77(2A)-n257A                                                                                                                  \-                     n3        5                                                       10                          15   20   25   30                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                     n28       5                                                       10                          15   20                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                     n77       See CA\_n77(2A) BCS0 in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                     n257                                                                                                                   50                  100   200   400   
  CA\_n3A-n28A-n77(2A)-n257D                                                                                                                  \-                     n3        5                                                       10                          15   20   25   30                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                     n28       5                                                       10                          15   20                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                     n77       See CA\_n77(2A) BCS0 in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                     n257      See CA\_n257D BCS0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2                                                                                                
  CA\_n3A-n28A-n77(2A)-n257G                                                                                                                  \-                     n3        5                                                       10                          15   20   25   30                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                     n28       5                                                       10                          15   20                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                     n77       See CA\_n77(2A) BCS0 in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                     n257      See CA\_n257G BCS0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2                                                                                                
  CA\_n3A-n28A-n77(2A)-n257H                                                                                                                  \-                     n3        5                                                       10                          15   20   25   30                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                     n28       5                                                       10                          15   20                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                     n77       See CA\_n77(2A) BCS0 in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                     n257      See CA\_n257H BCS0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2                                                                                                
  CA\_n3A-n28A-n77(2A)-n257I                                                                                                                  \-                     n3        5                                                       10                          15   20   25   30                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                     n28       5                                                       10                          15   20                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                     n77       See CA\_n77(2A) BCS0 in Table 5.5A.2-1 in TS 38.101-1                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                     n257      See CA\_n257I BCS0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2                                                                                                
  CA\_n3A-n28A-n78A-n257A                                                                                                                     \-                     n3        5                                                       10                          15   20   25   30                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                     n28       5                                                       10                          15   20                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                     n78                                                               10                          15   20             40   50   60   80   90   100               
                                                                                                                                                                     n257                                                                                                                   50                  100   200   400   
  CA\_n3A-n28A-n78A-n257D                                                                                                                     \-                     n3        5                                                       10                          15   20   25   30                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                     n28       5                                                       10                          15   20                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                     n78                                                               10                          15   20             40   50   60   80   90   100               
                                                                                                                                                                     n257      See CA\_n257D BCS0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2                                                                                                
  CA\_n3A-n28A-n78A-n257G                                                                                                                     \-                     n3        5                                                       10                          15   20   25   30                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                     n28       5                                                       10                          15   20                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                     n78                                                               10                          15   20             40   50   60   80   90   100               
                                                                                                                                                                     n257      See CA\_n257G BCS0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2                                                                                                
  CA\_n3A-n28A-n78A-n257H                                                                                                                     \-                     n3        5                                                       10                          15   20   25   30                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                     n28       5                                                       10                          15   20                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                     n78                                                               10                          15   20             40   50   60   80   90   100               
                                                                                                                                                                     n257      See CA\_n257H BCS0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2                                                                                                
  CA\_n3A-n28A-n78A-n257I                                                                                                                     \-                     n3        5                                                       10                          15   20   25   30                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                     n28       5                                                       10                          15   20                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                     n78                                                               10                          15   20             40   50   60   80   90   100               
                                                                                                                                                                     n257      See CA\_n257I BCS0 in Table 5.5A.1-1 in TS 38.101-2                                                                                                
  NOTE 1: The SCS of each channel bandwidth for NR FR1 and NR FR2 band refers to Table 5.3.5-1 of TS 38.101-1 and TS 38.101-2 respectively.                                                                                                                                                                                       
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------- --------- ------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ----- ----- ----- ---

5.5B Configuration for DC
-------------------------

### 5.5B.1 General

The operating bands and bandwidth classes are specified for operation
with EN-DC, NGEN-DC, NE-DC or NR-DC configured. The EN-DC, NGEN-DC or
NE-DC band combinations include at least one E-UTRA operating band.

For EN-DC or NE-DC configurations indicated by column \"Single Uplink
allowed\" (e.g., problematic band combinations as defined in TS 38.306
\[11\]) in tables in this clause the UE may indicate capability of not
supporting simultaneous dual and triple uplink operation due to possible
intermodulation interference to its own primary downlink channel
bandwidth of PCell or PSCell if the intermodulation order is 2 or if the
intermodulation order is 3 for the combinations when both operating
bands are between 450 MHz -- 960 MHz or between 1427 MHz -- 2690 MHz.
When LTE and NR transmissions collide, simultaneous dual transmissions
may not be supported by UE for these EN-DC band combinations for which
only single switched UL is supported.

In the case for EN-DC or NE-DC configurations listed in tables in this
clause for which the intermodulation products caused by the dual and
triple uplink operation fall into the receive band but do not interfere
with its own primary downlink channel bandwidth of PCell or PSCell as
defined in Annex I the UE is mandated to operate in dual and triple
uplink mode. Single Uplink is also allowed for certain band combinations
where intermodulation or reverse intermodulation products could create
difficulty for meeting emission requirementsFor EN-DC combinations of
order 3 or higher, \"Single Uplink allowed\" UL configurations captured
in Table 5.5B.2-1, Table 5.5B.3-1, and Table 5.5B.4-1 apply.

If multiple UL DC configurations are listed for multiple DL DC
configurations, valid uplink configurations are such that uplink does
not have more carriers than downlink.

The configurations for operating bands for DC including Band n41 also
apply for the corresponding operating bands for DC with Band n90
replacing Band n41 but with otherwise identical parameters. For brevity
the said configuration for operating bands for DC with Band n90 are not
listed in the tables below but are covered by this specification.

Non contiguous resource allocation and almost contiguous allocation are
not applicable for E UTRA or NR carrier part of intra band EN DC
configuration.

If the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability applies for a lower order
DC configuration, when the applicable lower order DC configuration is a
band pair in a higher order DC configuration, the mandatory simultaneous
Rx/Tx capability also applies for the band pair in the higher order DC
configuration.

For a higher order EN-DC band combination of which DC\_20\_n28/
DC\_28\_n20/ CA\_20-28/ CA\_n20-n28 is a subset, the frequency range in
band n28/28 is restricted for the higher order band combination to
703-733 MHz for the UL and 758-788 MHz for the DL.

For NR inter-band dual connectivity specified in 5.5B.7, the
corresponding NR CA configurations in 5.5A.1, i.e., dual uplink
inter-band carrier aggregation between FR1 and FR2 with uplink assigned
to two NR bands, are applicable to Dual Connectivity.

NOTE 1: Requirements for the dual connectivity configurations are
defined in the clause corresponding NR uplink CA between FR1 and FR2
configurations, unless otherwise specified.

### 5.5B.2 Intra-band contiguous EN-DC

Table 5.5B.2-1: Intra-band contiguous EN-DC configurations

+-------------------------------+----------------+-------------------+
| EN-DC                         | Uplink EN-DC   | Single UL allowed |
|                               |                |                   |
| configuration                 | configuration  |                   |
|                               |                |                   |
|                               | (NOTE 1)       |                   |
+===============================+================+===================+
| DC\_(n)5AA                    | DC\_(n)5AA^6^  | Yes^6^            |
+-------------------------------+----------------+-------------------+
| DC\_(n)12AA                   | DC\_(n)12AA^6^ | Yes^6^            |
+-------------------------------+----------------+-------------------+
| DC\_(n)38AA                   | DC\_(n)38AA^6^ | Yes^6^            |
+-------------------------------+----------------+-------------------+
| DC\_(n)41AA                   | DC\_(n)41AA    | Yes^3^            |
|                               |                |                   |
| DC\_(n)41AB                   |                |                   |
|                               |                |                   |
| DC\_(n)41CA                   |                |                   |
|                               |                |                   |
| DC\_(n)41DA                   |                |                   |
+-------------------------------+----------------+-------------------+
| DC\_(n)48AA                   | DC\_(n)48AA^6^ | Yes^6^            |
+-------------------------------+----------------+-------------------+
| DC\_48A-(n)48AA               | DC\_(n)48AA^6^ | Yes^6^            |
+-------------------------------+----------------+-------------------+
| DC\_(n)48CA                   | DC\_(n)48AA^6^ | Yes^6^            |
+-------------------------------+----------------+-------------------+
| DC\_(n)48DA                   | DC\_(n)48AA^6^ | Yes^6^            |
+-------------------------------+----------------+-------------------+
| DC\_(n)71AA^2^                | DC\_(n)71AA    | No^4^             |
+-------------------------------+----------------+-------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC          |                |                   |
| configurations are the        |                |                   |
| configurations supported by   |                |                   |
| the present release of        |                |                   |
| specifications.               |                |                   |
|                               |                |                   |
| NOTE 2: Requirements in this  |                |                   |
| specification apply for NR    |                |                   |
| SCS of 15 kHz only.           |                |                   |
|                               |                |                   |
| NOTE 3: Single UL allowed due |                |                   |
| to potential emission issues, |                |                   |
| not self-interference.        |                |                   |
|                               |                |                   |
| NOTE 4: For UE(s) supporting  |                |                   |
| dynamic power sharing it is   |                |                   |
| mandatory to do dual          |                |                   |
| simultaneous UL. For UE(s)    |                |                   |
| not supporting dynamic power  |                |                   |
| sharing single UL is allowed. |                |                   |
|                               |                |                   |
| NOTE 5: For TDD bands, the    |                |                   |
| minimum requirements only     |                |                   |
| apply for non-simultaneous    |                |                   |
| Tx/Rx between all carriers.   |                |                   |
|                               |                |                   |
| NOTE 6: Only single switched  |                |                   |
| UL is supported               |                |                   |
|                               |                |                   |
| NOTE 7: The UE does not       |                |                   |
| include the                   |                |                   |
| intraBandENDC-Support and     |                |                   |
| intraBandENDC-Support-UL      |                |                   |
| (absent) for these            |                |                   |
| configurations if supported.  |                |                   |
+-------------------------------+----------------+-------------------+

### 5.5B.3 Intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC

Table 5.5B.3-1: Intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC configurations

+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+
| EN-DC                       | Uplink EN-DC     | Single UL allowed |
|                             |                  |                   |
| configuration               | configuration    |                   |
|                             |                  |                   |
|                             | (NOTE 1)         |                   |
+=============================+==================+===================+
| DC\_2A\_n2A                 | DC\_2A\_n2A^5^   | Yes^5^            |
+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n3A                 | DC\_3A\_n3A      | Yes^7^            |
+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+
| DC\_5A\_n5A                 | DC\_5A\_n5A^5^   | Yes^5^            |
+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n7A^6^              | DC\_7A\_n7A^5^   | Yes^5^            |
+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+
| DC\_41A\_n41A               | DC\_41A\_n41A    | Yes^4^            |
|                             |                  |                   |
| DC\_41C\_n41A               |                  |                   |
|                             |                  |                   |
| DC\_41D\_n41A               |                  |                   |
+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+
| DC\_48A\_n48A               | DC\_48A\_n48A^5^ | Yes^5^            |
+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+
| DC\_48A-48A\_n48A           | DC\_48A\_n48A^5^ | Yes^5^            |
+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+
| DC\_48C\_n48A               | DC\_48A\_n48A^5^ | Yes^5^            |
+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+
| DC\_48D\_n48A               | DC\_48A\_n48A^5^ | Yes^5^            |
+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n66A               | DC\_66A\_n66A^5^ | Yes^5^            |
+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+
| DC\_66A-66A\_n66A           | DC\_66A\_n66A^5^ | Yes^5^            |
+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC        |                  |                   |
| configurations are the      |                  |                   |
| configurations supported by |                  |                   |
| the present release of      |                  |                   |
| specifications.             |                  |                   |
|                             |                  |                   |
| NOTE 2: Void                |                  |                   |
|                             |                  |                   |
| NOTE 3: For TDD bands, the  |                  |                   |
| minimum requirements only   |                  |                   |
| apply for non-simultaneous  |                  |                   |
| Tx/Rx between all carriers. |                  |                   |
|                             |                  |                   |
| NOTE 4: Single UL allowed   |                  |                   |
| due to potential emission   |                  |                   |
| issues, not                 |                  |                   |
| self-interference.          |                  |                   |
|                             |                  |                   |
| NOTE 5: Only single         |                  |                   |
| switched UL is supported.   |                  |                   |
|                             |                  |                   |
| NOTE 6: Requirements in     |                  |                   |
| this specification apply    |                  |                   |
| for NR SCS of 15 kHz only.  |                  |                   |
|                             |                  |                   |
| NOTE 7: Single UL allowed   |                  |                   |
| due to potential emission   |                  |                   |
| issues and                  |                  |                   |
| self-interference.          |                  |                   |
|                             |                  |                   |
| NOTE 8: The UE supporting   |                  |                   |
| the configurations          |                  |                   |
| indicates                   |                  |                   |
| intraBandENDC-Support =     |                  |                   |
| 'non-contiguous' with       |                  |                   |
| intraBandENDC-Support-UL    |                  |                   |
| absent.                     |                  |                   |
+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+

Table 5.5B.3-2: Intra-band EN-DC configurations for mixed intra-band
contiguous and non-contiguous EN-DC

+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+
| EN-DC                       | Uplink EN-DC     | Single UL allowed |
|                             |                  |                   |
| configuration               | configuration    |                   |
|                             |                  |                   |
|                             | (NOTE 1)         |                   |
+=============================+==================+===================+
| DC\_(n)48CA^6,7^            | DC\_48A\_n48A^5^ | Yes^5^            |
+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+
| DC\_(n)48DA^6,7^            | DC\_48A\_n48A^5^ | Yes^5^            |
+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+
| DC\_48A-(n)48AA^6^          | DC\_48A\_n48A^5^ | Yes^5^            |
+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC        |                  |                   |
| configurations are the      |                  |                   |
| configurations supported by |                  |                   |
| the present release of      |                  |                   |
| specifications.             |                  |                   |
|                             |                  |                   |
| NOTE 2: Void                |                  |                   |
|                             |                  |                   |
| NOTE 3: For TDD bands, the  |                  |                   |
| minimum requirements only   |                  |                   |
| apply for non-simultaneous  |                  |                   |
| Tx/Rx between all carriers. |                  |                   |
|                             |                  |                   |
| NOTE 4: Single UL allowed   |                  |                   |
| due to potential emission   |                  |                   |
| issues, not                 |                  |                   |
| self-interference.          |                  |                   |
|                             |                  |                   |
| NOTE 5: Only single         |                  |                   |
| switched UL is supported.   |                  |                   |
|                             |                  |                   |
| NOTE 6: The UE supporting   |                  |                   |
| these configurations        |                  |                   |
| indicates non-contiguous by |                  |                   |
| IE intraBandENDC-Support-UL |                  |                   |
| with intraBandENDC-Support  |                  |                   |
| absent.                     |                  |                   |
|                             |                  |                   |
| NOTE 7: The minimum         |                  |                   |
| requirements also apply for |                  |                   |
| the intra-band              |                  |                   |
| non-contiguous fallback     |                  |                   |
| resulting from releasing an |                  |                   |
| Scell within the sub-block  |                  |                   |
| bandwidth of the downlink   |                  |                   |
| configuration.              |                  |                   |
+-----------------------------+------------------+-------------------+

### 5.5B.4 Inter-band EN-DC within FR1

#### 5.5B.4.1 Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (two bands)

Table 5.5B.4.1-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (two bands)

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| EN-DC          | Uplink EN-DC   | Single UL      | DL             |
|                |                | allowed        | interruption   |
| configuration  | configuration  |                | allowed        |
|                |                |                |                |
|                | (NOTE 1)       |                | (Note 14)      |
+================+================+================+================+
| DC\_1A\_n3A    | DC\_1A\_n3A    | DC\_1\_n3      |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_1C\_n3A    | DC\_1C\_n3A    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A\_n5A    | DC\_1A\_n5A    | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A\_n7A    | DC\_1A\_n7A    | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_1A\_n7B    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A-1A\_n7A | DC\_1A\_n7A    | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_1A-1A\_n7B |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A\_n8A    | DC\_1A\_n8A    | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A\_n20A   | DC\_1A\_n20A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A\_n28A   | DC\_1A\_n28A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A\_n38A   | DC\_1A\_n38A   | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_1C\_n38A   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A\_n40A   | DC\_1A\_n40A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_1A\_n41A   | No             |                |
| C\_1A\_n41A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A\_n50A   | DC\_1A\_n50A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A\_n51A   | DC\_1A\_n51A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A\_n71A   | DC\_1A\_n71A   | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_1A\_n71B   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_1A\_n77A   | DC\_1\_n77     | No             |
| C\_1A\_n77A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| D              |                |                |                |
| C\_1A\_n77C^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_           | DC\_1A\_n77A   | DC\_1\_n77     | No             |
| 1A\_n77(2A)^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_1A\_n78A   | No             | No             |
| C\_1A\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| D              |                |                |                |
| C\_1A\_n78C^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_           | DC\_1A\_n78A   | No             | No             |
| 1A\_n78(2A)^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_1A\_n79A   | No             | No             |
| C\_1A\_n79A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| D              |                |                |                |
| C\_1A\_n79C^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A\_n5A    | DC\_2A\_n5A    | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A-2A\_n5A | DC\_2A\_n5A    | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A\_n7A    | DC\_2A\_n7A    | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A\_n7(2A) | DC\_2A\_n7A    | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A\_n12A   | DC\_2A\_n12A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A\_n38A   | DC\_2A\_n38A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_2A\_n38A   | No             |                |
| C\_2A-2A\_n38A |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A\_n41A   | DC\_2A\_n41A   | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_2A\_n41C   | DC\_2C\_n41A   |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_2C\_n41A   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_2A\_n41A   | No             |                |
| C\_2A-2A\_n41A |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| D              |                |                |                |
| C\_2A\_n41(2A) |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A\_n46A   | DC\_2A\_n46A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A\_n48A   | DC\_2A\_n48A   | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_2A\_n48B   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A\_n66A   | DC\_2A\_n66A   | DC\_2\_n66     |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_2A\_n66A   | DC\_2\_n66     |                |
| C\_2A-2A\_n66A |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A\_n71A   | DC\_2A\_n71A   | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_2A\_n71B   | DC\_2C\_n71A   |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_2C\_n71A   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_2A\_n71A   | No             |                |
| C\_2A-2A\_n71A |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_2A\_n78A   | DC\_2A\_n78A   | DC\_2\_n78     |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_2A\_n78A   | DC\_2\_n78     |                |
| C\_2A\_n78(2A) |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_2A\_n78A   | DC\_2\_n78     |                |
| C\_2A-2A\_n78A |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A\_n1A    | DC\_3A\_n1A    | DC\_3\_n1      |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_3C\_n1A    | DC\_3C\_n1A    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A-3A\_n1A | DC\_3A\_n1A    | DC\_3\_n1      |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A\_n5A    | DC\_3A\_n5A    | DC\_3\_n5      |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_3C\_n5A    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A\_n7A    | DC\_3A\_n7A    | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_3A\_n7B    | DC\_3A\_n7B    |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_3C\_n7A    | DC\_3C\_n7A    |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_3C\_n7B    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A-3A\_n7A | DC\_3A\_n7A    | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n7B |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A\_n8A    | DC\_3A\_n8A    | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A\_n20A   | DC\_3A\_n20A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A\_n28A   | DC\_3A\_n28A   | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_3C\_n28A   | DC\_3C\_n28A   |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A\_n34A   | DC\_3A\_n34A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A\_n38A   | DC\_3A\_n38A   | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_3C\_n38A   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A\_n40A   | DC\_3A\_n40A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_3A\_n41A   | DC\_3\_n41     | No             |
| C\_3A\_n41A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                | DC\_3C\_n41A   |                |                |
| DC\_3C\_n41A   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A\_n50A   | DC\_3A\_n50A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A\_n51A   | DC\_3A\_n51A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A\_n71A   | DC\_3A\_n71A   | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_3A\_n71B   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_3A\_n77A   | DC\_3\_n77     | No             |
| C\_3A\_n77A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| D              |                |                |                |
| C\_3A\_n77C^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_           | DC\_3A\_n77A   | DC\_3\_n77     | No             |
| 3A\_n77(2A)^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_           | DC\_3A\_n77A   | DC\_3\_n77     | No             |
| 3A-3A\_n77A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_3A\_n78A   | DC\_3\_n78     | No             |
| C\_3A\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| D              |                |                |                |
| C\_3A\_n78C^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| D              |                |                |                |
| C\_3C\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_           | DC\_3A\_n78A   | DC\_3\_n78     | No             |
| 3A\_n78(2A)^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_           |                |                |                |
| 3C\_n78(2A)^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_           | DC\_3A\_n78A   | DC\_3\_n78     | No             |
| 3A-3A\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_3A\_n79A   | No             | No             |
| C\_3A\_n79A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                | DC\_3C\_n79A   |                |                |
| D              |                |                |                |
| C\_3A\_n79C^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| D              |                |                |                |
| C\_3C\_n79A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_4A\_n38A   | DC\_4A\_n38A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_4A\_n41A   | DC\_4A\_n41A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_4A\_n78A   | DC\_4A\_n78A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_4A\_n78A   | No             |                |
| C\_4A\_n78(2A) |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A\_n2A    | DC\_5A\_n2A    | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_5B\_n2A    |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A-5A\_n2A | DC\_5A\_n2A    | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A\_n7A    | DC\_5A\_n7A    | DC\_5\_n7      |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A\_n7(2A) | DC\_5A\_n7A    | DC\_5\_n7      |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A\_n12A   | DC\_5A\_n12A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A\_n38A   | DC\_5A\_n38A   | DC\_5\_n38     |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A\_n40A   | DC\_5A\_n40A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A\_n48A   | DC\_5A\_n48A   | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_5A\_n48B   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A\_n66A   | DC\_5A\_n66A   | DC\_5\_n66     |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_5B\_n66A   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_5A\_n66A   | DC\_5\_n66     |                |
| C\_5A-5A\_n66A |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A\_n71A   | DC\_5A\_n71A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_5A\_n78A   | No             | No             |
| C\_5A\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_           | DC\_5A\_n78A   | No             | No             |
| 5A\_n78(2A)^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_5A\_n79A   | DC\_5A\_n79A   | No             | No             |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_7A\_n1A    | DC\_7A\_n1A    | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_7C\_n1A    | DC\_7C\_n1A    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_7A-7A\_n1A | DC\_7A\_n1A    | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_7A\_n3A    | DC\_7A\_n3A    | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_7C\_n3A    | DC\_7C\_n3A    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_7A\_n5A    | DC\_7A\_n5A    | DC\_7\_n5      |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_7C\_n5A    | DC\_7C\_n5A    |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_7A-7A\_n5A | DC\_7A\_n5A    | DC\_7\_n5      |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_7A\_n8A    | DC\_7A\_n8A    | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_           | DC\_7A\_n78A   | No             |                |
| 7A-7A\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_7A-        | DC\_7A\_n78A   | No             |                |
| 7A\_n78(2A)^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_7A\_n20A   | DC\_7A\_n20A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_7A\_n28A   | DC\_7A\_n28A   | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_7C\_n28A   | DC\_7C\_n28A   |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_7A\_n40A   | DC\_7A\_n40A   | DC\_7\_n40     |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_7A\_n51A   | DC\_7A\_n51A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_7A\_n66A   | DC\_7A\_n66A   | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_7C\_n66A   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_7A\_n66A   | No             |                |
| C\_7A-7A\_n66A |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_7A\_n71A   | DC\_7A\_n71A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_7A\_n77A   | No             |                |
| C\_7A\_n77A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_           | DC\_7A\_n77A   | No             |                |
| 7A-7A\_n77A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_7A\_n78A   | No             |                |
| C\_7A\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                | DC\_7C\_n78A   |                |                |
| D              |                |                |                |
| C\_7C\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_           | DC\_7A\_n78A   | No             |                |
| 7A\_n78(2A)^7^ |                |                |                |
|                | DC\_7C\_n78A   |                |                |
| DC\_           |                |                |                |
| 7C\_n78(2A)^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_8A\_n1A    | DC\_8A\_n1A    | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_8A\_n3A    | DC\_8A\_n3A    | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_8A\_n20A   | DC\_8A\_n20A   | DC\_8\_n20     |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_8A\_n28A   | DC\_8A\_n28A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_8A\_n34A   | DC\_8A\_n34A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_8A\_n39A   | DC\_8A\_n39A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_8A\_n40A   | No             |                |
| C\_8A\_n40A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_8A\_n41A   | No             | No             |
| C\_8A\_n41A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_8A\_n41C   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_8A\_n41A   | No             | No             |
| C\_8A\_n41(2A) |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_8A\_n77A   | No             | No             |
| C\_8A\_n77A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_           | DC\_8A\_n77A   | No             | No             |
| 8A\_n77(2A)^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_8A\_n78A   | No             | No             |
| C\_8A\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_8A\_n79A   | No             | No             |
| C\_8A\_n79A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                | DC\_8A\_n79C   |                |                |
| DC\_8A\_n79C   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_8A\_n93A   | DC\_8A\_n      | N/A            |                |
|                | 93A\_ULSUP-TDM |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_8A\_n94A   | DC\_8A\_n      | N/A            |                |
|                | 94A\_ULSUP-TDM |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_11A\_n3A   | DC\_11A\_n3A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_11A\_n28A  | DC\_11A\_n28A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_11A\_n77A  | No             | No             |
| \_11A\_n77A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_1          | DC\_11A\_n77A  | No             | No             |
| 1A\_n77(2A)^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_11A\_n78A  | No             | No             |
| \_11A\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_11A\_n79A  | No             |                |
| \_11A\_n79A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_12A\_n2A   | DC\_12A\_n2A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_12A\_n5A   | DC\_12A\_n5A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_12A\_n7A   | DC\_12A\_n7A   | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| D              |                |                |                |
| C\_12A\_n7(2A) |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_12A\_n25A  | DC\_12A\_n25A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_12A\_n38A  | DC\_12A\_n38A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_12A\_n41A  | DC\_12A\_n41A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_12A\_n66A  | DC\_12A\_n66A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_12A\_n78A  | DC\_12A\_n78A  | DC\_12\_n78    |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_12A\_n78(2A) |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_13A\_n2A   | DC\_13A\_n2A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_13A\_n5A   | DC\_13A\_n5A   | DC\_13\_n5     |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_13A\_n7A   | DC\_13A\_n7A   | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| D              |                |                |                |
| C\_13A\_n7(2A) |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_13A\_n48A  | DC\_13A\_n48A  | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_13A\_n48B  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_13A\_n66A  | DC\_13A\_n66A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_13A\_n71A  | DC\_13A\_n71A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_13A\_n78A  | DC\_13A\_n78A  | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_13A\_n78(2A) |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_14A\_n2A   | DC\_14A\_n2A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_14A\_n66A  | DC\_14A\_n66A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_18A\_n3A   | DC\_18A\_n3A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_18A\_n77A  | No             | No             |
| \_18A\_n77A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_18A\_n78A  | No             | No             |
| \_18A\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_20A\_n91A  | DC\_20A\_n     | N/A            |                |
|                | 91A\_ULSUP-TDM |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_20A\_n92A  | DC\_20A\_n     | N/A            |                |
|                | 92A\_ULSUP-TDM |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_18A\_n79A  | No             |                |
| \_18A\_n79A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_19A\_n77A  | No             |                |
| \_19A\_n77A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_19A\_n77C^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_19A\_n78A  | No             | No             |
| \_19A\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_19A\_n78C^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_19A\_n79A  | No             | No             |
| \_19A\_n79A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_19A\_n79C^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_20A\_n1A   | DC\_20A\_n1A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_20A\_n3A   | DC\_20A\_n3A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_20A\_n7A   | DC\_20A\_n7A   | DC\_20\_n7     |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_20A\_n8A   | DC\_20A\_n8A   | DC\_20\_n8     |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_20A\_n     | DC\_20A\_n28A  | No             |                |
| 28A^8,\ 11,13^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_20A\_n38A  | DC\_20A\_n38A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_20A\_n41A  | DC\_20A\_n41A  | DC\_20\_n41    |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_20A\_n50A  | DC\_20A\_n50A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_20A\_n51A  | DC\_20A\_n51A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_20A\_n77A  | No             |                |
| \_20A\_n77A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_20A\_n78A  | No             |                |
| \_20A\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_2          | DC\_20A\_n78A  | No             |                |
| 0A\_n78(2A)^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_21A\_n77A  | No             |                |
| \_21A\_n77A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_21A\_n77C^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_21A\_n78A  | No             | No             |
| \_21A\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_21A\_n78C^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_21A\_n79A  | No             | No             |
| \_21A\_n79A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_21A\_n79C^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_25A\_n41A  | DC\_25A\_n41A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\            | DC\_25A\_n41A  | No             |                |
| _25A-25A\_n41A |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_26A\_n25A  | DC\_26A\_n25A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_26A\_n41A  | DC\_26A\_n41A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_26A\_n77A  | No             |                |
| \_26A\_n77A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_26A\_n78A  | No             |                |
| \_26A\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_26A\_n79A  | No             |                |
| \_26A\_n79A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_28A\_n3A   | DC\_28A\_n3A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_28A\_n5A   | DC\_28A\_n5A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_28A\_n7A   | DC\_28A\_n7A   | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_28A\_n7B   | DC\_28A\_n7B   |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_28A\_n51A  | DC\_28A\_n51A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_28A\_n8A   | DC\_28A\_n8A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_28A\_n40A  | DC\_28A\_n40A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_28A\_n41A  | No             |                |
| \_28A\_n41A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_28A\_n50A  | DC\_28A\_n50A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_28A\_n77A  | No             | No             |
| \_28A\_n77A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_28A\_n77C^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_2          | DC\_28A\_n77A  | No             | No             |
| 8A\_n77(2A)^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_28A\_n78A  | No             | No             |
| \_28A\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_28A\_n78C^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_2          | DC\_28A\_n78A  | No             | No             |
| 8A\_n78(2A)^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_28A\_n79A  | No             |                |
| \_28A\_n79A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_28A\_n79C^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_30A\_n2A   | DC\_30A\_n2A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_30A\_n5A   | DC\_30A\_n5A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_30A\_n66A  | DC\_30A\_n66A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_38A\_n78A  | No             |                |
| \_38A\_n78A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_39A\_n40A  | No             |                |
| \_39A\_n40A^3^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_39A\_n41A  | No             | No             |
| \_39A\_n41A^3^ |                |                |                |
|                | DC\_39C\_n41A  |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_39C\_n41A^3^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_           | DC\_39A\_n78A  | No             |                |
| 39A\_n78A^5,7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_39A\_n79A  | No             | No             |
| \_39A\_n79A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_39A\_n79C^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_40A\_n1A   | DC\_40A\_n1A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_40A\_n41A  | No             |                |
| \_40A\_n41A^3^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_40C\_n41A^3^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_40A\_n77A  | DC\_40A\_n77A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_40A\_n78A  | DC\_40A\_n78A  | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_40C\_n78A  | DC\_40C\_n78A  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_4          | DC\_40A\_n79A  | No             | No             |
| 0A\_n79A^7,12^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_4          |                |                |                |
| 0C\_n79A^7,12^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | DC\_41A\_n3A   | No             |                |
| C\_41A\_n3A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                | DC\_41C\_n3A   |                |                |
| D              |                |                |                |
| C\_41C\_n3A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_41A\_n28A  | No             |                |
| \_41A\_n28A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                | DC\_41C\_n28A  |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_41C\_n28A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_41A\_n77A  | DC\_41A\_n77A  | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_41C\_n77A  | DC\_41C\_n77A  |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_41A\_n77A  | No             |                |
| \_41A\_n77(2A) |                |                |                |
|                | DC\_41C\_n77A  |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_41C\_n77(2A) |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_41A\_n78A  | DC\_41A\_n78A  | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_41C\_n78A  | DC\_41C\_n78A  |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_41D\_n78A  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_41A\_n78A  | No             |                |
| \_41A\_n78(2A) |                |                |                |
|                | DC\_41C\_n78A  |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_41C\_n78(2A) |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_           | DC\_41A\_n79A  | No             | No             |
| 41A\_n79A^6,7^ |                |                |                |
|                | DC\_41C\_n79A  |                |                |
| DC\_           |                |                |                |
| 41A\_n79C^6,7^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_           |                |                |                |
| 41C\_n79A^6,7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_42A\_n28A  | No             |                |
| \_42A\_n28A^7^ |                |                |                |
|                | DC\_42C\_n28A  |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_42C\_n28A^7^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_42A\_n51A  | DC\_42A\_n51A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_42A\_n77   | N/A            | N/A            |                |
| A^3,4,9,11,13^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_42         |                |                |                |
| A\_n77C^3,4,9^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_42C\_      |                |                |                |
| n77A^3,4,9,11^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_42         |                |                |                |
| C\_n77C^3,4,9^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_42D\_      |                |                |                |
| n77A^3,4,9,11^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_42         |                |                |                |
| D\_n77C^3,4,9^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_42E\_      |                |                |                |
| n77A^3,4,9,11^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_42         |                |                |                |
| E\_n77C^3,4,9^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_42A\_      | N/A            | N/A            |                |
| n77(2A)^3,4,9^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_42C\_      |                |                |                |
| n77(2A)^3,4,9^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_42A\_n78   | N/A            | N/A            |                |
| A^3,4,9,11,13^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_42         |                |                |                |
| A\_n78C^3,4,9^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_42C\_      |                |                |                |
| n78A^3,4,9,11^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_42         |                |                |                |
| C\_n78C^3,4,9^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_42D\_      |                |                |                |
| n78A^3,4,9,11^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_42         |                |                |                |
| D\_n78C^3,4,9^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_42E\_      |                |                |                |
| n78A^3,4,9,11^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_42         |                |                |                |
| E\_n78C^3,4,9^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_4          | N/A            | N/A            |                |
| 2A\_n79A^9,15^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_4          |                |                |                |
| 2A\_n79C^9,15^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_4          |                |                |                |
| 2C\_n79A^9,15^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_4          |                |                |                |
| 2C\_n79C^9,15^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_4          |                |                |                |
| 2D\_n79A^9,15^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_4          |                |                |                |
| 2D\_n79C^9,15^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_4          |                |                |                |
| 2E\_n79A^9,15^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_4          |                |                |                |
| 2E\_n79C^9,15^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | N/A            | N/A            |                |
| \_46A\_n78A^2^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_46C\_n78A^2^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_46D\_n78A^2^ |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_46E\_n78A^2^ |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_48A\_n5A   | DC\_48A\_n5A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_48A\_n12A  | DC\_48A\_n12A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_48A\_n46A  | DC\_48A\_n46A  | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48B\_n46A  | DC\_48B\_n46A  |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48C\_n46A  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48D\_n46A  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48E\_n46A  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48A\_n46B  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48B\_n46B  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48C\_n46B  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48D\_n46B  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48E\_n46B  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48A\_n46C  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48B\_n46C  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48C\_n46C  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48D\_n46C  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48E\_n46C  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48A\_n46D  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48B\_n46D  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48C\_n46D  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48D\_n46D  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48E\_n46D  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_48A\_n66A  | DC\_48A\_n66A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_48A\_n71A  | DC\_48A\_n71A  | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48B\_n71A  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48C\_n71A  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48D\_n71A  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\            | DC\_48A\_n71A  | No             |                |
| _48A-48A\_n71A |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_48A        |                |                |                |
| -48A-48A\_n71A |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n2A   | DC\_66A\_n2A   | DC\_66\_n2     |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_66A\_n2A   | DC\_66\_n2     |                |
| \_66A-66A\_n2A |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n5A   | DC\_66A\_n5A   | DC\_66\_n5     |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_66B\_n5A   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_66C\_n5A   |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_66A\_n5A   | DC\_66\_n5     |                |
| \_66A-66A\_n5A |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_66         |                |                |                |
| A-66A-66A\_n5A |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n7A   | DC\_66A\_n7A   | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC             |                |                |                |
| \_66A-66A\_n7A |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| D              |                |                |                |
| C\_66A\_n7(2A) |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_6          |                |                |                |
| 6A-66A\_n7(2A) |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n12A  | DC\_66A\_n12A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n25A  | DC\_66A\_n25A  | DC\_66\_n25    |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n38A  | DC\_66A\_n38A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\            | DC\_66A\_n38A  | No             |                |
| _66A-66A\_n38A |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n41A  | DC\_66A\_n41A  | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_66A\_n41C  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_66A\_n41A  | No             |                |
| \_66A\_n41(2A) |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n46A  | DC\_66A\_n46A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n48A  | DC\_66A\_n48A  | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_66A\_n48B  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\            | DC\_66A\_n48A  | No             |                |
| _66A-66A\_n48A |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\            |                |                |                |
| _66A-66A\_n48B |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n71A  | DC\_66A\_n71A  | No             |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_66C\_n71A  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| DC\_66A\_n71B  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\            | DC\_66A\_n71A  | No             |                |
| _66A-66A\_n71A |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_66A\_n78A  | DC\_66A\_n78A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC             | DC\_66A\_n78A  | No             |                |
| \_66A\_n78(2A) |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\            | DC\_66A\_n78A  | No             |                |
| _66A-66A\_n78A |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_66         | DC\_66A\_n78A  | No             |                |
| A-66A\_n78(2A) |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_71A\_n5A   | DC\_71A\_n5A   | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_71A\_n38A  | DC\_71A\_n38A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_71A\_n48A  | DC\_71A\_n48A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_71A\_n66A  | DC\_71A\_n66A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| DC\_71A\_n78A  | DC\_71A\_n78A  | No             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink |                |                |                |
| EN-DC          |                |                |                |
| configurations |                |                |                |
| are the        |                |                |                |
| configurations |                |                |                |
| supported by   |                |                |                |
| the present    |                |                |                |
| release of     |                |                |                |
| s              |                |                |                |
| pecifications. |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2:        |                |                |                |
| Restricted to  |                |                |                |
| E-UTRA         |                |                |                |
| operation when |                |                |                |
| inter-band     |                |                |                |
| carrier        |                |                |                |
| aggregation is |                |                |                |
| configured.    |                |                |                |
| The downlink   |                |                |                |
| operating band |                |                |                |
| for Band 46 is |                |                |                |
| paired with    |                |                |                |
| the uplink     |                |                |                |
| operating band |                |                |                |
| (external      |                |                |                |
| E-UTRA band)   |                |                |                |
| of the carrier |                |                |                |
| aggregation    |                |                |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
| that is        |                |                |                |
| supporting the |                |                |                |
| configured     |                |                |                |
| Pcell.         |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: The    |                |                |                |
| minimum        |                |                |                |
| requirements   |                |                |                |
| apply only     |                |                |                |
| when there is  |                |                |                |
| no             |                |                |                |
| n-simultaneous |                |                |                |
| Tx/Rx          |                |                |                |
| operation      |                |                |                |
| between E-UTRA |                |                |                |
| and NR         |                |                |                |
| carriers. This |                |                |                |
| restriction    |                |                |                |
| applies also   |                |                |                |
| for these      |                |                |                |
| carriers when  |                |                |                |
| applicable     |                |                |                |
| EN-DC          |                |                |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
| is part of a   |                |                |                |
| higher order   |                |                |                |
| EN-DC          |                |                |                |
| configuration. |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 4: For a  |                |                |                |
| UE not capable |                |                |                |
| of             |                |                |                |
| *interBandMR   |                |                |                |
| DC-WithOverlap |                |                |                |
| DL-Bands-r16*, |                |                |                |
| the minimum    |                |                |                |
| requirements   |                |                |                |
| for intra-band |                |                |                |
| non-contiguous |                |                |                |
| EN-DC apply    |                |                |                |
| for the Band   |                |                |                |
| 42 and Band    |                |                |                |
| n77/n78        |                |                |                |
| combination.   |                |                |                |
| For a UE not   |                |                |                |
| capable of     |                |                |                |
| *interBandMR   |                |                |                |
| DC-WithOverlap |                |                |                |
| DL-Bands-r16*, |                |                |                |
| when UE        |                |                |                |
| capability     |                |                |                |
| *interBandC    |                |                |                |
| ontiguousMRDC* |                |                |                |
| is indicated,  |                |                |                |
| the minimum    |                |                |                |
| requirements   |                |                |                |
| for            |                |                |                |
| intra-b        |                |                |                |
| and-contiguous |                |                |                |
| EN-DC also     |                |                |                |
| should be met  |                |                |                |
| in addtion to  |                |                |                |
| intra-band     |                |                |                |
| non-contiguous |                |                |                |
| EN-DC*.* For   |                |                |                |
| these UEs, the |                |                |                |
| said           |                |                |                |
| intra-band     |                |                |                |
| requirements   |                |                |                |
| also apply for |                |                |                |
| these carriers |                |                |                |
| when           |                |                |                |
| applicable     |                |                |                |
| EN-DC          |                |                |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
| is a subset of |                |                |                |
| a higher order |                |                |                |
| EN-DC          |                |                |                |
| configuration. |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 5: The    |                |                |                |
| frequency      |                |                |                |
| range above    |                |                |                |
| 3600 MHz for   |                |                |                |
| Band n78 is    |                |                |                |
| not used in    |                |                |                |
| this           |                |                |                |
| combination.   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 6: The    |                |                |                |
| frequency      |                |                |                |
| range below    |                |                |                |
| 2506 MHz for   |                |                |                |
| Band 41 is not |                |                |                |
| used in this   |                |                |                |
| combination.   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 7:        |                |                |                |
| Applicable for |                |                |                |
| UE supporting  |                |                |                |
| inter-band     |                |                |                |
| EN-DC with     |                |                |                |
| mandatory      |                |                |                |
| simultaneous   |                |                |                |
| Rx/Tx          |                |                |                |
| capability.    |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 8: The    |                |                |                |
| frequency      |                |                |                |
| range in band  |                |                |                |
| n28 / 28 is    |                |                |                |
| restricted for |                |                |                |
| this band      |                |                |                |
| combination to |                |                |                |
| 703 - 733 MHz  |                |                |                |
| for the UL and |                |                |                |
| 758-788 MHz    |                |                |                |
| for the DL.    |                |                |                |
| This           |                |                |                |
| restriction    |                |                |                |
| also applies   |                |                |                |
| for any band   |                |                |                |
| combinations   |                |                |                |
| when           |                |                |                |
| DC\_20\_n28/   |                |                |                |
| DC\_28\_n20/   |                |                |                |
| CA\_20-28/     |                |                |                |
| CA\_n20-n28 is |                |                |                |
| a subset of a  |                |                |                |
| higher order   |                |                |                |
| band           |                |                |                |
| combination.   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 9: The    |                |                |                |
| combination is |                |                |                |
| not used alone |                |                |                |
| as fall-back   |                |                |                |
| mode of other  |                |                |                |
| band           |                |                |                |
| combinations   |                |                |                |
| in which UL in |                |                |                |
| Band 42 is not |                |                |                |
| used.          |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 10: Void. |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 11:       |                |                |                |
| Maximum 6 dB   |                |                |                |
| power spectral |                |                |                |
| density        |                |                |                |
| imbalance      |                |                |                |
| between        |                |                |                |
| downlink       |                |                |                |
| carriers is    |                |                |                |
| assumed when   |                |                |                |
| UE does not    |                |                |                |
| indicate       |                |                |                |
| *interBandMR   |                |                |                |
| DC-WithOverlap |                |                |                |
| DL-Bands-r16.* |                |                |                |
| Clause 7.10B.3 |                |                |                |
| power          |                |                |                |
| imbalance      |                |                |                |
| requirement    |                |                |                |
| apply if the   |                |                |                |
| UE indicates   |                |                |                |
| *interBandM    |                |                |                |
| RDC-WithOverla |                |                |                |
| pDL-Bands-r16* |                |                |                |
| For these UEs, |                |                |                |
| the power      |                |                |                |
| spectral       |                |                |                |
| density        |                |                |                |
| imbalance      |                |                |                |
| condition also |                |                |                |
| applies for    |                |                |                |
| these carriers |                |                |                |
| when           |                |                |                |
| applicable     |                |                |                |
| EN-DC          |                |                |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
| is a subset of |                |                |                |
| a higher order |                |                |                |
| EN-DC          |                |                |                |
| configuration. |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 12:       |                |                |                |
| Applicable for |                |                |                |
| frequency      |                |                |                |
| range above    |                |                |                |
| 4800 MHz for   |                |                |                |
| Band n79 in    |                |                |                |
| this           |                |                |                |
| combination.   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 13: For a |                |                |                |
| UE not capable |                |                |                |
| of             |                |                |                |
| *interBandMR   |                |                |                |
| DC-WithOverlap |                |                |                |
| DL-Bands-r16*, |                |                |                |
| the minimum    |                |                |                |
| requirements   |                |                |                |
| apply for      |                |                |                |
| synchronized   |                |                |                |
| DL carriers    |                |                |                |
| with a maximum |                |                |                |
| receive time   |                |                |                |
| difference ≤ 3 |                |                |                |
| usec. The      |                |                |                |
| requirements   |                |                |                |
| also apply for |                |                |                |
| these carriers |                |                |                |
| when           |                |                |                |
| applicable     |                |                |                |
| EN-DC          |                |                |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
| is a subset of |                |                |                |
| a higher order |                |                |                |
| EN-DC          |                |                |                |
| configuration. |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 14:       |                |                |                |
| Applicable     |                |                |                |
| when dynamic   |                |                |                |
| switching      |                |                |                |
| between two    |                |                |                |
| uplink         |                |                |                |
| carriers is    |                |                |                |
| conducted. The |                |                |                |
| DL             |                |                |                |
| interruption   |                |                |                |
| requirements   |                |                |                |
| for NR DL      |                |                |                |
| carrier(s) and |                |                |                |
| E-UTRA DL      |                |                |                |
| carrier(s) are |                |                |                |
| specified in   |                |                |                |
| clause         |                |                |                |
| 8.2.1.2.14 of  |                |                |                |
| 38.133 \[15\]  |                |                |                |
| and clause     |                |                |                |
| 7.32.2.12 of   |                |                |                |
| 36.133 \[16\]  |                |                |                |
| respectively.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 15:       |                |                |                |
| Simultaneous   |                |                |                |
| Rx/Tx          |                |                |                |
| capability     |                |                |                |
| does not apply |                |                |                |
| for UEs        |                |                |                |
| supporting     |                |                |                |
| band 42 with a |                |                |                |
| n77            |                |                |                |
| implementation |                |                |                |
| only. Same     |                |                |                |
| restrictions   |                |                |                |
| are applied to |                |                |                |
| related higher |                |                |                |
| order          |                |                |                |
| c              |                |                |                |
| onfigurations. |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

#### 5.5B.4.2 Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (three bands)

Table 5.5B.4.2-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (three
bands)

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| EN-DC                            | Uplink EN-DC                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| configuration                    | configuration                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | (NOTE 1)                         |
+==================================+==================================+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n5A                   | DC\_1A\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n5A                   | DC\_3A\_n5A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n7A                   | DC\_1A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n7B                   | DC\_3A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n7A                   | DC\_3C\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n7B                   |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-1A-3A\_n7A                | DC\_1A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-1A-3A\_n7B                | DC\_3A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-1A-3C\_n7A                | DC\_3C\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-1A-3C\_n7B                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-3A\_n7A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-3A\_n7B                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-1A-3A-3A\_n7A             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n8A                   | DC\_1A\_n8A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n8A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n28A                  | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n28A                  | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3C\_n28A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n3A-n28A                 | DC\_1A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n38A                  | DC\_1A\_n38A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n38A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n40A                  | DC\_1A\_n40A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n40A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n41A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n41A                  | DC\_3A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3C\_n41A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n71A                  | DC\_1A\_n71A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n71B                  | DC\_3A\_n71A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n77A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n77C^5^               | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n77(2A)^5^            | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78C^5^               | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n78A^5^               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78(2A)^5^            | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n78(2A)^5^            | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3C\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n3A-n78A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n79A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n79C^5^               | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A\_n79A                  | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n5A-n78A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n3A                   | DC\_1A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7C\_n3A                   | DC\_7A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7C\_n3A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n5A                   | DC\_1A\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7C\_n5A                   | DC\_7A\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7C\_n5A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n7A                   | DC\_1A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n7A^2^                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-1A-7A\_n7A                | DC\_1A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n7A^2^                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n8A                   | DC\_1A\_n8A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n8A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n28A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7C\_n28A                  | DC\_7A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7C\_n28A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n40A                  | DC\_1A\_n40A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n40A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7C\_n78A                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7C\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n78(2A)^5^            | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7C\_n78(2A)^5^            | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7C\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n78A^5^            | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n7A-n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n7B-n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A\_n3A                   | DC\_1A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n3A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A\_n28A                  | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n28A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **DC\_1A\_n8A-n40A**             | DC\_1A\_n8A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n40A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A\_n77A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A\_n77(2A)^5^            | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n8A-n78A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n8A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A\_n79A^5^               | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-11A\_n3A                  | DC\_1A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A\_n3A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-11A\_n77A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-11A\_n77(2A)^5^           | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-11A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A\_n3A                  | DC\_1A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n3A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A\_n77A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A\_n79A                 | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A\_n77A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n77C^5^              | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n78C^5^              | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A\_n79A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n79C^5^              | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-20A\_n3A                  | DC\_1A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1C-20A\_n3A                  | DC\_20A\_n3A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-20A\_n8A                  | DC\_1A\_n8A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n8A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-20A\_n28A^6,11,12^        | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-20A\_n38A                 | DC\_1A\_n38A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n38A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-20A\_n41A                 | DC\_1A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n41A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-20A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A\_n77A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n77C^5^              | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n78C^5^              | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A\_n79A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n79C^5^              | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n3A                  | DC\_1A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n3A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n5A^6^               | DC\_1A\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n5A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n7A                  | DC\_1A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n7B                  | DC\_28A\_n7A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n7B                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n7B                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-1A-28A\_n7A               | DC\_1A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-1A-28A\_n7B               | DC\_28A\_n7A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n7B                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n7B                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n28A-n40A                | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n40A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n40A                 | DC\_1A\_n40A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n40A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n77A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n77C^5^              | DC\_28A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n78C^5^              | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n28A-n77A^5^             | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n28A-n77(2A)^5^          | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n28A-n78A^5^             | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n79A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n79C^5^              | DC\_28A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-32A\_n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-32A\_n78(2A)              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-(n)38AA                   | DC\_1A\_n38A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n40A-n78A                | DC\_1A\_n40A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n40A-n78(2A)             | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n3A^5^               | DC\_41A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n3A^5^               | DC\_41C\_n3A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n28A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n28A^5^              | DC\_41A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-(n)41AA                   | DC\_1A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-(n)41CA                   |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-(n)41DA                   |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n41A                 | DC\_1A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n41A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n77A                 | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n77A                 | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n77(2A)              | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n77(2A)              | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n78A                 | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n41A-n78A                | DC\_1A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n78(2A)              | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n78(2A)              | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n79A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n79A^5^              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n28A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42C\_n28A^5^              | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n77A^10,11^          | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n77C^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n77A^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n77C^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n77A^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n77C^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n77A^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n77C^10,11^          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n77(2A) ^10,11^      | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n77(2A) ^10,11^      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n78A^10,11^          | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n78C^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n78A^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n78C^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n78A^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n78C^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n78A^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n78C^10,11^          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n79A                 | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n79C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n79A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n79C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n79A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n79C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n79A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n79C                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n75A-n78A                | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n75A-n78(2A)             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n77A-n79A^13^            | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_SUL\_n77A-n80A           | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n80A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_SUL\_n77A-n84A           | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n84A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n77A    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n79A^14^            | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_SUL\_n78A-n80A           | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n80A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_SUL\_n78A-n84A^5^        | DC\_1A\_n78A,                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n84A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_SUL\_n79A-n84A           | DC\_1A\_n79A,                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n84A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n79A    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-4A\_n38A                  | DC\_2A\_n38A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_4A\_n38A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-4A\_n41A                  | DC\_2A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_4A\_n41A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A\_n2A                   | DC\_5A\_n2A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5B\_n2A                   | DC\_5A\_n2A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A-5A\_n2A                | DC\_5A\_n2A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A\_n5A                   | DC\_2A\_n5A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-5A\_n5A                | DC\_2A\_n5A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A\_n66A                  | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5B\_n66A                  | DC\_5A\_n66A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A-5A\_n66A               | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n66A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A\_n71A                  | DC\_2A\_n71A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n71A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-7A\_n38A                  | 2A^8^                            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-7A\_n38A               | 2A^8^                            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-7A\_n66A                  | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-7C\_n66A                  | DC\_7A\_n66A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-7A-7A\_n66A               | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-7A\_n66A               | DC\_7A\_n66A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-7A\_n71A                  | DC\_2A\_n71A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n71A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-7A\_n71A               | DC\_2A\_n71A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n71A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-7A\_n78A                  | DC\_2A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-7C\_n78A                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-7A\_n78(2A)               | DC\_7C\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-7C\_n78(2A)               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n7A-n78A                 | DC\_2A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_2A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n7(2A)-n78A              | DC\_2A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_2A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n7A-n78(2A)              | DC\_2A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_2A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n7(2A)-n78(2A)           | DC\_2A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_2A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-7A-7A\_n78A               | DC\_2A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-7A-7A\_n78(2A)            | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A\_n2A                  | DC\_12A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-(n)12AA                   | DC\_2A\_n12A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_(n)12AA^2^                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A\_n66A                 | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_12A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-12A\_n66A              | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_12A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A\_n2A                  | DC\_13A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A\_n5A                  | DC\_2A\_n5A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-13A\_n5A               | DC\_2A\_n5A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A\_n66A                 | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-13A\_n66A              | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-14A\_n2A                  | DC\_2A\_n2A^2^                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-14A\_n66A                 | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-14A\_n66A              | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-29A\_n66A                 | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-29A\_n66A              | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-30A\_n2A                  | DC\_2A\_n2A^2^                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-30A\_n5A                  | DC\_2A\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n5A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-30A\_n5A               | DC\_2A\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n5A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-30A\_n66A                 | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-30A\_n66A              | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n38A-n78A                | DC\_2A\_n38A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_2A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n41A-n66A                | DC\_2A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A\_n41C-n66A                | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n41(2A)-n66A             | DC\_2A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n41A-n71A                | DC\_2A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A\_n41C-n71A                | DC\_2A\_n71A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n41(2A)-n71A             | DC\_2A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_2A\_n71A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A\_n41A                 | DC\_2A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n41A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n41A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A\_n41(2A)              | DC\_2A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n41(2A)              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n41(2A)              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A\_n66A                 | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n66A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n66A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A\_n71A                 | DC\_2A\_n71A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n71A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n71A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-48A\_n71A                 | DC\_2A\_n71A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_48A\_n71A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-48A\_n12A                 | DC\_2A\_n12A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_48A\_n12A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-48A\_n66A                 | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_48A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n2A                  | DC\_2A\_n2A^2^                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n5A                  | DC\_2A\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n5A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n5A               | DC\_2A\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n5A              | DC\_66A\_n5A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A-66A\_n5A           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A-66A\_n5A          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n12A                 | DC\_2A\_n12A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n12A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n25A^11,12^          | DC\_66A\_n25A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n38A                 | DC\_2A\_n38A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n38A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n38A              | DC\_2A\_n38A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n38A             | DC\_66A\_n38A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n41A                 | DC\_2A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n41C                 | DC\_66A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2C-66A\_n41A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n41A              | DC\_2A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n41(2A)              | DC\_66A\_n41A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n48A                 | DC\_2A\_n48A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n48A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n48B                 | DC\_2A\_n48A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n48A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n48A             | DC\_2A\_n48A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n48A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n48B             | DC\_2A\_n48A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n48A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n66A                 | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n66A^2^                 |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n66A              | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n66A^2^                 |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n71A                 | DC\_2A\_n71A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n71B                 | DC\_66A\_n71A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66C\_n71A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2C-66A\_n71A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n71A              | DC\_2A\_n71A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n71A             | DC\_66A\_n71A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A-66A\_n71A          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n66A-n71A                | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_2A\_n71A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n78A                 | DC\_2A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n78(2A)              | DC\_66A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n66A-n78A                | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_2A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n78A             | DC\_2A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n78(2A)          | DC\_66A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-71A\_n38A                 | DC\_71A\_n38A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_2A\_n38A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-71A\_n38A              | DC\_71A\_n38A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_2A\_n38A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-71A\_n66A                 | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_71A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-71A\_n66A              | DC\_2A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_71A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-71A\_n78A                 | DC\_71A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_2A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-71A\_n78A              | DC\_71A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_2A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-(n)71AA                   | DC\_2A\_n71A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_(n)71AA                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n1A-n7A                  | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n7A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3C\_n1A-n7A                  | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3C\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3C\_n7A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n1A-n28A                 | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3C\_n1A-n28A                 | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3C\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3C\_n28A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n1A-n40A                 | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n40A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n1A-n77A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n1A-n78A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n1A-n78A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A\_n1A-n78A^5^           | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n1A-n79A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n3A-n77A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n3A^2^                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n3A-n78A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n3A^2^                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n5A-n78A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n5A-n78A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3C\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A\_n79A^5^               | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n1A                   | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7C\_n1A                   | DC\_3C\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-7A\_n1A                   | DC\_7A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-7C\_n1A                   | DC\_7C\_n1A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n1A                | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n1A                | DC\_7A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n1A             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n5A                   | DC\_3A\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-7A\_n5A                   | DC\_7A\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7C\_n5A                   | DC\_7C\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-7C\_n5A                   |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n7A                   | DC\_3A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-7A\_n7A                   | DC\_3C\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n7A^2^                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n7A                | DC\_3A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n7A^2^                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n8A                   | DC\_3A\_n8A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n8A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n28A                  | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7C\_n28A                  | DC\_3C\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-7A\_n28A                  | DC\_7A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-7C\_n28A                  | DC\_7C\_n28A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n40A                  | DC\_3A\_n40A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n40A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n77A^5^               | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n77A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n77A^5^            | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n77A^5^            | DC\_7A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n77A^5^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-7A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_3C\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7C\_n78A^5^               | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-7C\_n78A^5^               | DC\_7C\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n78(2A)^5^            | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-7A\_n78(2A)^5^            | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7C\_n78(2A)^5^            | DC\_3C\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-7C\_n78(2A)^5^            | DC\_7C\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n7A-n28A                 | DC\_3A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n7A-n28A                 | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3C\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3C\_n28A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n78A^5^            | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n78A^5^            | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A^5^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n7A-n78A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n7B-n78A^5^              | DC\_3C\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n7A-n78A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n7B-n78A^5^              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A\_n7A-n78A^5^           | DC\_3A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n7B-n78A^5^           | DC\_3A\_n7B                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n7A-n78(2A)              | DC\_3A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n7A-n78(2A)              | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3C\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3C\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-8A\_n1A                   | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-8A\_n1A                   | DC\_8A\_n1A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A-8A\_n1A                | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n1A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n8A-n40A                 | DC\_3A\_n8A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n40A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-8A\_n28A                  | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n28A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-8A\_n77A^5^               | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-8A\_n77(2A)^5^            | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-8A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-8A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_8A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A-8A\_n78A^5^            | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-8A\_n79A^5^               | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n8A-n78A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n8A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-18A\_n77A                 | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-18A\_n78A                 | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-18A\_n79A                 | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A\_n77A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n77C^5^              | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n78C^5^              | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A\_n79A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n79C^5^              | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_n1A                  | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-20A\_n1A                  | DC\_3C\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n1A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_n7A                  | DC\_3A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-20A\_n7A                  | DC\_3C\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n7A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_n8A                  | DC\_3A\_n8A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n8A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_n28A^5,6,11,12^      | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-20A\_n28A^5,6,11,12^      | DC\_3C\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_n41A                 | DC\_3A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n41A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3C-20A\_n41A                 | DC\_3C\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n41A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_n38A                 | DC\_3A\_n38A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n38A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-20A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n20A-n78A                | DC\_3A\_n20A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A\_n77A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n77C^5^              | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n78C^5^              | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A\_n79A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n79C^5^              | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n5A                  | DC\_3A\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-28A\_n5A                  | DC\_28A\_n5A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n7A                  | DC\_3A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-28A\_n7A                  | DC\_3C\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n7B                  | DC\_28A\_n7A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-28A\_n7B                  | DC\_3A\_n7B                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n7B                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n40A                 | DC\_3A\_n40A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n40A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A-28A\_n7A               | DC\_3A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-28A\_n7B               | DC\_28A\_n7A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n7B                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n7B                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n28A-n40A                | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | **DC\_3A\_n40A**                 |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n41A^5^              | **DC\_3A\_n41A**                 |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n41A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n77A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n77C^5^              | DC\_28A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n77(2A)^5^           | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n28A-n77A^5^             | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n28A-n77(2A)^5^          | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C-28A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n78C^5^              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A-28A\_n78A              | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n28A-n78A^5^             | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n28A-n78A^5^             | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3C\_n28A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n79A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n79C^5^              | DC\_28A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-32A\_n78A                 | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-32A\_n78(2A)              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-38A\_n78A                 | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-40A\_n1A                  | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_40A\_n1A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n40A-n41A                | DC\_3A\_n40A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n41A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n40A-n78A                | DC\_3A\_n40A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n40A-n79A                | DC\_3A\_n40A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A\_n28A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41C\_n28A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A\_n41A                 | DC\_3A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n41A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41D\_n41A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-(n)41AA                   | DC\_3A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-(n)41CA                   |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-(n)41DA                   |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A\_n77A                 | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n77A                 | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A\_n77(2A)              | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n77(2A)              | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A\_n78A                 | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n78A                 | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n41A-n78A                | DC\_3A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A\_n78(2A)              | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n78(2A)              | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n28A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42C\_n28A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A\_n79A^5^              | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n79A^5^              | DC\_41A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n41A-n79A^5^             | DC\_3A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_SUL\_n41A-n80A           | DC\_3A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_SUL\_n41A-n80A           | DC\_3C\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n80A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n41A    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3C\_n80A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n41A    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n77A^10,11^          | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n77C^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n77A^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n77C^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n77A^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n77C^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n77A^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n77C^10,11^          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n77(2A) ^10,11^      | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n77(2A) ^10,11^      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n78A^10,11^          | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n78C^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n78A^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n78C^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n78A^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n78C^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n78A^10,11^          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n78C^10,11^          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n79A                 | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n79C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n79A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n79C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n79A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n79C                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n79A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n79C                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n75A-n78A                | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n75A-n78(2A)             | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n77A-n79A^13^            | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n79A^14^            | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_SUL\_n77A-n80A           | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n80A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n77A    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_SUL\_n77A-n84A           | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n84A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_SUL\_n78A-n80A^5^        | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_SUL\_n78A-n80A           | DC\_3A\_n80A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_SUL\_n78A-n82A^5^        | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n82A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_SUL\_n78A-n84A           | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n84A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_SUL\_n79A-n80A^5^        | DC\_3A\_n79A,                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n80A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n79A    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-7A\_n71A                  | DC\_5A\_n71A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n71A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-7A\_n78A                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A\_n7A-n78A                 | DC\_5A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A\_n7(2A)-n78A              | DC\_5A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A\_n7A-n78(2A)              | DC\_5A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A\_n7(2A)-n78(2A)           | DC\_5A\_n7A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n78A               | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-(n)12AA                   | DC\_5A\_n12A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_(n)12AA^2^                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-30A\_n66A                 | DC\_5A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-41A\_n79A                 | DC\_5A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-66A\_n2A                  | DC\_5A\_n2A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5B-66A\_n2A                  |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-5A-66A\_n2A               | DC\_5A\_n2A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n2A              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5B-66A-66A\_n2A              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-5A-66A-66A\_n2A           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-66A\_n5A                  | DC\_66A\_n5A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n5A              | DC\_66A\_n5A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-66A\_n66A                 | DC\_5A\_n66A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-5A-66A\_n66A              | DC\_5A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5B-66A\_n66A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-5A-66A-66A\_n66A          | DC\_5A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n66A             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5B-66A-66A\_n66A             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-66A\_n71A                 | DC\_5A\_n71A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n71A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-66A\_n78A                 | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n78(2A)              | DC\_66A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-13A\_n2A                  | DC\_5A\_n2A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n1A-n40A                 | DC\_7A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n40A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n1A-n78A^5^              | DC\_7A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7C\_n1A-n78A^5^              | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7C\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7C\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-7A\_n1A-n78A^5^           | DC\_7A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n3A-n78A                 | DC\_7A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7C\_n3A-n78A                 | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7C\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7C\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n5A-n78A                 | DC\_7A\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7C\_n5A-n78A                 | DC\_7C\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7C\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n7A-n78A^5^              | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n7A^2^                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n7A-n78(2A)              | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n7A^2^                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-8A\_n1A                   | DC\_7A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n1A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-7A-8A\_n1A                | DC\_7A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n1A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-8A\_n3A                   | DC\_7A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n3A                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n8A-n40A                 | DC\_7A\_n8A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n40A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-8A\_n77A^5^               | DC\_7A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-8A\_n78A^5^               | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-7A-8A\_n78A^5^            | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n8A-n78A^5^              | DC\_7A\_n8A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-13A\_n66A                 | DC\_7A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-7A-13A\_n66A              | DC\_13A\_n66A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7C-13A\_n66A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-20A\_n1A                  | DC\_7A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7C-20A\_n1A                  | DC\_7C\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n1A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-20A\_n3A                  | DC\_7A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7C-20A\_n3A                  | DC\_7C\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n3A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-20A\_n8A                  | DC\_7A\_n8A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n8A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-20A\_n28A^6,11,12^        | DC\_7A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-20A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-28A\_n3A                  | DC\_7A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7C-28A\_n3A                  | DC\_7C\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n3A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-28A\_n5A^6^               | DC\_7A\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7C-28A\_n5A^6^               | DC\_7C\_n5A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n5A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-28A\_n7A                  | DC\_7A\_n7A^2^                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n7A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n28A-n40A                | DC\_7A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | **DC\_7A\_n40A**                 |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-28A\_n40A                 | DC\_7A\_n40A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n40A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-28A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7C-28A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_7C\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n28A-n78A^5^             | DC\_7A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7C\_n28A-n78A                | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7C\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7C\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-40A\_n1A                  | DC\_7A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_40A\_n1A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-46A\_n78A^3^              | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-46C\_n78A^3^              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-46D\_n78A^3^              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-46E\_n78A^3^              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-66A\_n38A                 | 66A^9^                           |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-66A\_n66A                 | DC\_7A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7C-66A\_n66A                 | DC\_66A\_n66A^2^                 |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-7A-66A\_n66A              | DC\_7A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n66A^2^                 |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-66A\_n71A                 | DC\_7A\_n71A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n71A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-66A-66A\_n71A             | DC\_7A\_n71A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n71A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n66A-n78A                | DC\_7A\_n66A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n66A-n78A             | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7C\_n66A-n78A                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-66A\_n78A                 | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7C-66A\_n78A                 | DC\_7C\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-66A\_n78(2A)              | DC\_66A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7C-66A\_n78(2A)              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-7A-66A\_n78A              | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-7A-66A\_n78(2A)           | DC\_66A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-7A-66A-66A\_n78A          | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-7A-66A-66A\_n78(2A)       | DC\_66A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-66A-66A\_n78A             | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7C-66A-66A\_n78A             | DC\_66A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-66A-66A\_n78(2A)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7C-66A-66A\_n78(2A)          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A\_SUL\_n78A-n80A           | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n80A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A\_n1A-n78A^5^              | DC\_8A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n78A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A\_n3A-n28A                 | DC\_8A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n28A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A-11A\_n3A                  | DC\_8A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A\_n3A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A-11A\_n77A^5^              | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A-11A\_n77(2A)^5^           | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A-11A\_n78A^5^              | DC\_8A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A-20A\_n78A                 | DC\_8A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A\_n28A-n77A^5^             | DC\_8A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A\_n28A-n77(2A)^5^          | DC\_8A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A\_n40A-n41A                | DC\_8A\_n40A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n41A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A\_n40A-n79A                | DC\_8A\_n40A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A\_n41A-n79A^5^             | DC\_8A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n79A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A-42A\_n28A^5^              | DC\_8A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A-42C\_n28A^5^              | DC\_8A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A-42A\_n77A^10,11^          | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A-42C\_n77A^10,11^          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A-42A\_n77(2A) ^10,11^      | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A-42C\_n77(2A) ^10,11^      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A\_SUL\_n41A-n81A           | DC\_8A\_n41A,                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n81A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n41A    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A\_SUL\_n78A-n80A           | DC\_8A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n80A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A\_SUL\_n78A-n81A^5^        | DC\_8A\_n78A,                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n81A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A\_SUL\_n79A-n81A^5^        | DC\_8A\_n79A,                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_8A\_n81A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n79A    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_11A-18A\_n77A                | DC\_11A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_11A-18A\_n78A                | DC\_11A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-(n)5AA                   | DC\_12A\_n5A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_(n)5AA^2^                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A\_n7A-n78A                | DC\_12A\_n7A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_12A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A\_n7(2A)-n78A             | DC\_12A\_n7A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_12A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A\_n7A-n78(2A)             | DC\_12A\_n7A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_12A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A\_n7(2A)-n78(2A)          | DC\_12A\_n7A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_12A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-30A\_n2A                 | DC\_12A\_n2A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-30A\_n66A                | DC\_12A\_n66A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-66A\_n2A                 | DC\_12A\_n2A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-66A-66A\_n2A             | DC\_12A\_n2A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-66A\_n25A                | DC\_12A\_n25A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n25A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-66A\_n66A                | DC\_12A\_n66A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n66A^2^                 |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-46A\_n5A                 | DC\_13A\_n5A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-66A\_n2A                 | DC\_13A\_n2A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n2A             | DC\_13A\_n2A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-66A\_n48A                | DC\_13A\_n48A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n48B                | DC\_66A\_n48A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n48A            | DC\_13A\_n48A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n48B            | DC\_66A\_n48A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-66A\_n66A                | DC\_13A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n66A            | DC\_13A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A\_n3A-n78A                | DC\_18A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-48A\_n2A                 | DC\_13A\_n2A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-48B\_n2A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-48D\_n2A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-48E\_n2A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-48A\_n66A                | DC\_13A\_n66A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-48B\_n66A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-48D\_n66A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-48E\_n66A                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A\_n3A-n77A                | DC\_18A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_14A-66A\_n2A                 | DC\_14A\_n2A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_14A-66A-66A\_n2A             | DC\_14A\_n2A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_14A-66A\_n66A                | DC\_14A\_n66A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n66A^2^                 |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-28A\_n77A^5^             | DC\_18A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-28A\_n78A^5^             | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-28A\_n79A^5^             | DC\_18A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-41A\_n3A                 | DC\_18A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41C\_n3A                 | DC\_41A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n3A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-41A\_n77A                | DC\_18A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41C\_n77A                | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-41A\_n78A                | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41C\_n78A                | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-42A\_n77A^10,11^         | DC\_18A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n77A^10,11^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-42A\_n78A^10,11^         | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n78A^10,11^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_18A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n79A                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A\_n78A^5^             | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n78C^5^             | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A\_n79A^5^             | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n79C^5^             | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A\_n77A^5^             | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n77C^5^             | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-42A\_n77A^10,11^         | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n77C^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n77A^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n77C^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42D\_n77A^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42D\_n77C^10,11^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-42A\_n78A^10,11^         | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n78C^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n78A^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n78C^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42D\_n78A^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42D\_n78C^10,11^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n79C                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n79A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n79C                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42D\_n79A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42D\_n79C                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A\_n77A-n79A^13^           | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A\_n78A-n79A^14^           | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n1A-n7A                 | DC\_20A\_n1A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n7A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n1A-n28A^11,12^         | DC\_20A\_n1A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n1A-n78A                | DC\_20A\_n1A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n3A-n78A                | DC\_20A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n7A-n28A^5,6,11,12^     | DC\_20A\_n7A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n8A-n75A^6^             | DC\_20A\_n8A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n28A-n75A^6,11,12^      | DC\_20A\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n28A-n78A^5,6,11,12^    | DC\_20A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A-32A\_n78A                | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_20A-32A\_n78(2A)             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A-(n)38AA                  | DC\_20A\_n38A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A-38A\_n78A                | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_38A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n41A-n78A               | DC\_20A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A-(n)41AA                  | DC\_20A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_20A-(n)41CA                  |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_20A-(n)41DA                  |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n75A-n78A^5^            | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n76A-n78A^5^            | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_SUL\_n78A-n80A          | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n80A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_SUL\_n78A-n82A^5^       | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n82A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_20A\_SUL\_n78A-n83A^5^       | DC\_20A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n83A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **DC\_20A\_n78A-n92A**           | **DC\_20A\_n78A**                |
|                                  |                                  |
| **DC\_20A\_n78(2A)-n92A**        | **                               |
|                                  | DC\_20A\_n92A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A** |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-28A\_n77A                | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-28A\_n77C                | DC\_28A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-28A\_n78A                | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-28A\_n78C                | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-28A\_n79A                | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-28A\_n79C                | DC\_28A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-42A\_n77A^10,11^         | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n77C^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n77A^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n77C^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n77A^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n77C^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n77A^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n77C^10,11^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-42A\_n78A^10,11^         | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n78C^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n78A^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n78C^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n78A^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n78C^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n78A^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n78C^10,11^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n79C                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n79A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n79C                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n79A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n79C                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n79A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n79C                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A\_n77A-n79A^13^           | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A\_n78A-n79A^14^           | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_25A-41A\_n41A                | DC\_25A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_25A-41C\_n41A                | DC\_41A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_25A-41D\_n41A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_25A-25A-41A\_n41A            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_25A-25A-41C\_n41A            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_25A-25A-41D\_n41A            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_25A-(n)41AA                  | DC\_25A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_25A-25A-(n)41AA              | DC\_(n)41AA                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_25A-(n)41CA                  | DC\_25A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_25A-(n)41DA                  | DC\_(n)41AA                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_25A-25A-(n)41CA              | DC\_41A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_25A-25A-(n)41DA              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-41A\_n77A                | DC\_28A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C\_n77A                | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-41A\_n78A                | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C\_n78A                | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-41A\_n79A^5^             | DC\_28A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C\_n79A^5^             | DC\_41A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **DC\_28A\_n3A-n77A**^5^         | **DC\_28A\_n3A**                 |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | **DC\_28A\_n77A**                |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A\_n3A-n78A^5^             | DC\_28A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A\_n5A-n78A                | DC\_28A\_n5A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A\_n7A-n78A                | DC\_28A\_n7A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A\_n7B-n78A                | DC\_28A\_n7A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n7B                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A\_n8A-n78A^5^             | DC\_28A\_n8A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A\_n40A-n78A               | DC\_28A\_n40A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-42A\_n77A^10,11^         | DC\_28A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42A\_n77C^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42C\_n77A^10,11^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-42A\_n78A^10,11^         | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42A\_n78C^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42C\_n78A^10,11^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_28A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42A\_n79C                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42C\_n79A                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A\_SUL\_n78A-n83A^5^       | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n83A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_29A-30A\_n2A                 | DC\_30A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_29A-30A\_n66A                | DC\_30A\_n66A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_29A-66A\_n2A                 | DC\_66A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_29A-66A-66A\_n2A             | DC\_66A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_30A-66A\_n2A                 | DC\_30A\_n2A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_30A-66A-66A\_n2A             | DC\_30A\_n2A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n2A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_30A-66A\_n5A                 | DC\_30A\_n5A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n5A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_30A-66A-66A\_n5A             | DC\_30A\_n5A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A-66A-66A\_n5A         | DC\_66A\_n5A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_30A-66A\_n66A                | DC\_30A\_n66A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n66A^2^                 |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_39A\_n40A-n41A               | DC\_39A\_n40A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_39A\_n41A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_39A\_n40A-n79A               | DC\_39A\_n40A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_39A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_39A\_n41A-n79A               | DC\_39A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_39A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_40A\_n41A-n79A               | DC\_40A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_40A\_n79A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **DC\_41A\_n3A-n77A**            | DC\_41A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **DC\_41C\_n3A-n77A**            | DC\_41A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **DC\_41A\_n3A-n78A**            | DC\_41A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **DC\_41C\_n3A-n78A**            | DC\_41A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **DC\_41A\_n28A-n77A**           | DC\_41A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **DC\_41C\_n28A-n77A**           | DC\_41A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **DC\_41A\_n28A-n78A**           | DC\_41A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_41C\_n28A-n78A               | DC\_41A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_(n)41AA-n78A                 | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_(n)41CA-n78A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_(n)41DA-n78A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_41A-42A\_n77A^10,11^         | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n77A^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n77A^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n77A^10,11^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_41A-42A\_n78A^10,11^         | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n78A^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n78A^10,11^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n78A^10,11^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_41A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_41A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n79A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n79A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n79A                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_42A\_n28A-n77A^10,11^        | DC\_42A\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_42A\_n28A-n77(2A)^10,11^     | DC\_42A\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_42C\_n28A-n77A^10,11^        | DC\_42A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_42C\_n28A-n77(2A)^10,11^     | DC\_42A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n28A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_46A-66A\_n5A                 | DC\_66A\_n5A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n5A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n5A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46E-66A\_n5A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_46A-66A\_n25A                | DC\_66A\_n25A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n25A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n25A                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_46A-66A\_n41A                | DC\_66A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n41A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n41A                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_46A-66A\_n41(2A)             | DC\_66A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n41(2A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n41(2A)             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_46A-66A\_n71A                | DC\_66A\_n71A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n71A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n71A                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_48A-(n)5AA                   | DC\_48A\_n5A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_(n)5AA^2^                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_48A-(n)12AA                  | DC\_48A\_n12A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_(n)12AA^2^                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_48A-66A\_n5A                 | DC\_66A\_n5A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_48B-66A\_n5A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_48D-66A\_n5A                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_48E-66A\_n5A                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_48A-66A\_n12A                | DC\_48A\_n12A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n12A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_48A-66A\_n71A                | DC\_48A\_n71A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n71A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n7A-n78A                | DC\_66A\_n7A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n7A-n78A            | DC\_66A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n7(2A)-n78A             | DC\_66A\_n7A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n7(2A)-n78A         | DC\_66A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n7A-n78(2A)             | DC\_66A\_n7A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n7A-n78(2A)         | DC\_66A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n7(2A)-n78(2A)          | DC\_66A\_n7A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n7(2A)-n78(2A)      | DC\_66A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n25A-n71A               | DC\_66A\_n25A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n71A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n38A-n78A               | DC\_66A\_n38A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n66A-n78A               | DC\_66A\_n66A^2^                 |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A-(n)12AA                  | DC\_66A\_n12A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_(n)12AA^2^                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A-(n)71AA                  | DC\_66A\_n71A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66C-(n)71AA                  | DC\_(n)71AA                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n25A-n41A               | DC\_66A\_n25A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n25A-n41C               | DC\_66A\_n41A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n25A-n41(2A)            | DC\_66A\_n25A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n41A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n41A-n71A               | DC\_66A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n41C-n71A               | DC\_66A\_n71A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n41(2A)-n71A            | DC\_66A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n71A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A-71A\_n38A                | DC\_71A\_n38A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n38A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A-71A\_n66A                | DC\_71A\_n66A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n66A^2^                 |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A-71A\_n78A                | DC\_71A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_SUL\_n78A-n86A^5^       | DC\_66A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_SUL\_n78(2A)-n86A^5^    | DC\_66A\_n86A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC             |                                  |
| configurations are the           |                                  |
| configurations supported by the  |                                  |
| present release of               |                                  |
| specifications.                  |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 2: Only single switched UL  |                                  |
| is supported                     |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 3: Restricted to E-UTRA     |                                  |
| operation when inter-band        |                                  |
| carrier aggregation is           |                                  |
| configured. The downlink         |                                  |
| operating band for Band 46 is    |                                  |
| paired with the uplink operating |                                  |
| band (external E-UTRA band) of   |                                  |
| the carrier aggregation          |                                  |
| configuration that is supporting |                                  |
| the configured Pcell.            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 4: If a UE is configured    |                                  |
| with both NR UL and NR SUL       |                                  |
| carriers in a cell, the          |                                  |
| switching time between NR UL     |                                  |
| carrier and NR SUL carrier can   |                                  |
| be up to 140us and placed in SUL |                                  |
| resources.                       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 5: Applicable for UE        |                                  |
| supporting inter-band EN-DC with |                                  |
| mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx     |                                  |
| capability                       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 6: The frequency range in   |                                  |
| band n28 is restricted for this  |                                  |
| band combination to 703-733 MHz  |                                  |
| for the UL and 758 -- 788 MHz    |                                  |
| for the DL.                      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 7: Void.                    |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 8: UL carrier shall be      |                                  |
| supported in Band 2 only. Power  |                                  |
| imbalance between downlink       |                                  |
| carriers on Band 7 and Band 38   |                                  |
| is assumed to be within 6dB.     |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 9: UL carrier shall be      |                                  |
| supported in Band 66 only. Power |                                  |
| imbalance between downlink       |                                  |
| carriers on Band 7 and Band 38   |                                  |
| is assumed to be within 6dB.     |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 10: For UEs not indicating  |                                  |
| *interBa                         |                                  |
| ndMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*, |                                  |
| the minimum requirements for     |                                  |
| intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC  |                                  |
| apply for the Band 42 and Band   |                                  |
| n77/n78 combination. For UEs not |                                  |
| indicating                       |                                  |
| *interBa                         |                                  |
| ndMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*, |                                  |
| when UE capability               |                                  |
| *interBandContiguousMRDC* is     |                                  |
| indicated, the minimum           |                                  |
| requirements for                 |                                  |
| intra-band-contiguous EN-DC also |                                  |
| should be met in addtion to      |                                  |
| intra-band non-contiguous        |                                  |
| EN-DC*.*                         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 11: For UEs not indicating  |                                  |
| *interBa                         |                                  |
| ndMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*, |                                  |
| the minimum requirements for     |                                  |
| inter-band EN-DC apply when the  |                                  |
| maximum power spectral density   |                                  |
| imbalance between downlink       |                                  |
| carriers contained in            |                                  |
| overlapping or partially         |                                  |
| overlapping DL bands is within 6 |                                  |
| dB.                              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 12: For UEs not indicating  |                                  |
| *interBa                         |                                  |
| ndMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*, |                                  |
| the minimum requirements apply   |                                  |
| for synchronized DL carriers     |                                  |
| with a maximum receive time      |                                  |
| difference ≤ 3 usec between      |                                  |
| overlapping or partially         |                                  |
| overlapping DL bands contained   |                                  |
| in different cell groups.        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 13: The minimum             |                                  |
| requirements apply only when     |                                  |
| there is non-simultaneous Rx/Tx  |                                  |
| operation between n77-n79 NR     |                                  |
| carriers. This restriction       |                                  |
| applies also for these carriers  |                                  |
| when applicable EN-DC            |                                  |
| configuration is part of a       |                                  |
| higher order configuration.      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 14: For UEs supporting band |                                  |
| n77, the minimum requirements    |                                  |
| apply only when there is         |                                  |
| non-simultaneous Rx/Tx operation |                                  |
| between n78-n79 NR carriers.     |                                  |
| This restriction applies also    |                                  |
| for these carriers when          |                                  |
| applicable EN-DC configuration   |                                  |
| is part of a higher order        |                                  |
| configuration.                   |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 5.5B.4.3 Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (four bands)

Table 5.5B.4.3-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (four
bands)

+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| EN-DC                               | Uplink EN-DC                  |
|                                     |                               |
| configuration                       | configuration                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | (NOTE 1)                      |
+=====================================+===============================+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n78A^2^               | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_5A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n5A-n78A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n5A-n78A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n79A^2^               | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_5A\_n79A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n5A                   | DC\_1A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-7C\_n5A                   | DC\_3A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C-7A\_n5A                   | DC\_7A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C-7C\_n5A                   | DC\_7C\_n5A                   |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n7A                   | DC\_1A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C-7A\_n7A                   | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^                |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-1A-3A-7A\_n7A                | DC\_1A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-1A-3C-7A\_n7A                | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-3A-7A\_n7A                | DC\_3C\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^                |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n8A                   | DC\_1A\_n8A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n8A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n8A                   |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n28A                  | DC\_1A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-7C\_n28A                  | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C-7A\_n28A                  | DC\_3C\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C-7C\_n28A                  | DC\_7A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n28A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n40A                  | DC\_1A\_n40A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n40A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n40A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n78A^2^               | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-7C\_n78A                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C-7A\_n78A^2^               | DC\_3C\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C-7C\_n78A                  | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n78(2A)               | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C-7A\_n78(2A)               | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-7C\_n78(2A)               | DC\_3C\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C-7C\_n78(2A)               | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n7A-n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n7B-n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n7A-n78(2A)              | DC\_1A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n7A-n78(2A)              | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3C\_n7A-n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n7A                   |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A^2^            | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n28A                  | DC\_1A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n28A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n77A^2^               | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n77A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n77(2A)^2^            | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n77A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n78A^2^               | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n78A                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n79A^2^               | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n79A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n77A                 | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_18A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_18A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n79A                 | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_18A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n77A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n77C^2^              | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_19A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n78A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n78C^2^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_19A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n79A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n79C^2^              | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_19A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-20A\_n8A                  | DC\_1A\_n8A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n8A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n8A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-20A\_n28A^3,7,8^          | DC\_1A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-20A\_n38A                 | DC\_3A\_n38A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n38A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-20A\_n41A                 | DC\_1A\_n41A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C-20A\_n41A                 | DC\_3A\_n41A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n41A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n41A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-20A\_n78A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n77A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n77C^2^              | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_21A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n78A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n78C^2^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_21A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n79A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n79C^2^              | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_21A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n5A                  | DC\_1A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C-28A\_n5A                  | DC\_3A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n5A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n7A                  | DC\_1A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C-28A\_n7A                  | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n7B                  | DC\_3C\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C-28A\_n7B                  | DC\_28A\_n7A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-3A-28A\_n7A               | DC\_1A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-1A-3A-28A\_n7A               | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-1A-3C-28A\_n7A               | DC\_3C\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-1A-3A-3A-28A\_n7A            | DC\_28A\_n7A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-3A-28A\_n7B               |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-1A-3A-28A\_n7B               |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-1A-3C-28A\_n7B               |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-1A-3A-3A-28A\_n7B            |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n40A                 | DC\_1A\_n40A\                 |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n40A\                 |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n40A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n77A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n77C^2^              | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n28A-n77A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n28A-n77(2A)^2^          | DC\_1A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n78A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C-28A\_n78A^2^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n78C^2^              | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n79A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n79C^2^              | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n28A-n78A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n28A-n78A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n28A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-32A\_n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-32A\_n78(2A)              | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n38A-n78A                | DC\_3A\_n38A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n40A-n78A                | DC\_1A\_n40A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n40A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n77A                 | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n77A                 | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n77(2A)              | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n77(2A)              | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n78A                 | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n41A-n78A                | DC\_1A\_n41A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n41A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n78(2A)              | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n78(2A)              | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n79A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n79A^2^              | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n77A^6,7^            | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n77C^6,7^            | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n77A^6,7^            |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n77C^6,7^            |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42D\_n77A^6,7^            |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n78A^6,7^            | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n78C^6,7^            | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n78A^6,7^            |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n78C^6,7^            |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42D\_n78A^6,7^            |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n79A                 | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n79C                 | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n79A                 |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n79C                 |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-3A-42D\_n79A                 |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n77A-n79A                | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78A-n79A                | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_SUL\_n78A-n80A           | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n80A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n80A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n78A                  | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_5A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A               | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_5A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A-41A\_n79A                 | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_5A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n3A-n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n5A-n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-7C\_n5A-n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-8A\_n3A                   | DC\_1A\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n3A                   |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n7A-n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-8A\_n78A                  | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-20A\_n3A                  | DC\_1A\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-7C-20A\_n3A                  | DC\_7A\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n3A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-20A\_n8A                  | DC\_1A\_n8A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n8A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n8A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-20A\_n28A^3,7,8^          | DC\_1A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-20A\_n78A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-28A\_n5A                  | DC\_1A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-7C-28A\_n5A                  | DC\_7A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n5A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-28A\_n7A                  | DC\_1A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n7A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-1A-7A-28A\_n7A               | DC\_1A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n7A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-28A\_n40A                 | DC\_1A\_n40A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n40A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n40A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-28A\_n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-7C-28A\_n78A                 | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n28A-n78A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-7C\_n28A-n78A                | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A\_n3A-n28A                 | DC\_1A\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n28A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n77A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_11A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n77(2A)^2^           | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_11A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n78A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_11A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A-20A\_n78A                 | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A\_n28A-n77A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n77A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A\_n28A-n77(2A)^2^          | DC\_1A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n77A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A-42A\_n77A^6,7^            | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-8A-42C\_n77A^6,7^            | DC\_8A\_n77A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A-42A\_n77(2A) ^6,7^        | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-8A-42C\_n77(2A)^6,7^         | DC\_8A\_n77A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-11A-18A\_n77A                | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_11A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_18A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-11A-18A\_n78A                | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_11A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_18A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A\_n3A-n77A                | DC\_18A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_18A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A\_n3A-n78A                | DC\_1A\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_18A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_18A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-28A\_n77A                | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_18A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-28A\_n78A                | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_18A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-28A\_n79A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_18A\_n79A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-41A\_n3A                 | DC\_1A\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-18A-41C\_n3A                 | DC\_18A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n3A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-41A\_n77A                | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-18A-41C\_n77A                | DC\_18A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-41A\_n78A                | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-18A-41C\_n78A                | DC\_18A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n77A^6,7^           | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n77A^6,7^           | DC\_18A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n78A^6,7^           | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n78A^6,7^           | DC\_18A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n79A                | DC\_18A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n77A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n77C^2^             | DC\_19A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_21A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n78A^2,^            | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n78C^2,^            | DC\_19A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_21A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n79A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n79C^2^             | DC\_19A\_n79A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_21A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n77A^6,7^           | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n77C^6,7^           | DC\_19A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n77A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n77C^6,7^           |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n78A^6,7^           | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n78C^6,7^           | DC\_19A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n78A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n78C^6,7^           |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n79C                | DC\_19A\_n79A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n79A                |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n79C                |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A\_n77A-n79A               | DC\_19A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_19A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A\_n78A-n79A               | DC\_19A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_19A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-20A\_n3A-n38A                | DC\_1A\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n38A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n38A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-20A\_n3A-n78A                | DC\_1A\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-20A\_n28A-n78A^2,3,7,8^      | DC\_1A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-20A-(n)38AA                  | DC\_1A\_n38A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n38A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-20A-38A\_n78A                | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-20A\_n41A-n78A               | DC\_1A\_n41A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n41A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-28A\_n77A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_21A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-28A\_n78A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_21A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-28A\_n79A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_21A\_n79A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n77A^6,7^           | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n77C^6,7^           | DC\_21A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n77A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n77C^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42D\_n77A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42D\_n77C^6,7^           |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n78A^6,7^           | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n78C^6,7^           | DC\_21A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n78A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n78C^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42D\_n78A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42D\_n78C^6,7^           |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n79C                | DC\_21A\_n79A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n79A                |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n79C                |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42D\_n79A                |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-21A-42D\_n79C                |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A\_n77A-n79A               | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A\_n78A-n79A               | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n3A-n77A^2^             | DC\_28A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n3A-n78A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n5A-n78A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n7A-n78A                | DC\_1A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n7A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n7B-n78A                | DC\_1A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n7B                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n7A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n7B                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n40A-n78A               | DC\_1A\_n40A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n40A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A-42A\_n77A^6,7^           | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-28A-42C\_n77A^6,7^           | DC\_28A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A-42A\_n78A^6,7^           | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-28A-42C\_n78A^6,7^           | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-28A-42C\_n79A                | DC\_28A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n3A\_n77A               | DC\_41A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41C\_n3A\_n77A               | DC\_41A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n3A\_n78A               | DC\_41A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41C\_n3A\_n78A               | DC\_41A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n28A\_n77A              | DC\_1A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n28A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41C\_n28A\_n77A              | DC\_1A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n28A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n28A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n28A\_n78A              | DC\_1A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n28A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41C\_n28A\_n78A              | DC\_1A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n28A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n28A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n77A^6,7^           | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n77A^6,7^           | DC\_41A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n77A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n77A^6,7^           |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n78A^6,7^           | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n78A^6,7^           | DC\_41A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n78A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n78A^6,7^           |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n79A                | DC\_41A\_n79A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n79A                |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n79A                |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n77A-n79A^6,7^          | DC\_1A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n77A-n79A^6,7^          | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n78A-n79A^6,7^          | DC\_1A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n78A-n79A^6,7^          | DC\_1A\_n79A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A-(n)12AA                   | DC\_5A\_n12A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_2A\_n12A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_(n)12AA^4^                |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A-(n)5AA                   | DC\_2A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_12A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_(n)5AA^4^                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A-48A\_n12A                 | DC\_2A\_n12A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_5A\_n12A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_48A\_n12A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A-48A\_n71A                 | DC\_2A\_n71A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_5A\_n71A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_48A\_n71A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A-66A\_n2A                  | DC\_2A\_n2A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-5B-66A\_n2A                  | DC\_5A\_n2A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n2A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A-5A-66A\_n2A               | DC\_2A\_n2A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-5A-66A-66A\_n2A              | DC\_5A\_n2A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-5B-66A-66A\_n2A              | DC\_66A\_n2A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-5A-5A-66A-66A\_n2A           |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A-66A\_n5A                  | DC\_2A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n5A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-5A-66A\_n5A               | DC\_2A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-2A-5A-66A-66A\_n5A           | DC\_66A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-5A-66A-66A\_n5A              |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A-66A\_n12A                 | DC\_2A\_n12A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_5A\_n12A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n12A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A-66A\_n66A                 | DC\_5A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-5B-66A\_n66A                 |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A-5A-66A\_n66A              | DC\_5A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-5A-66A-66A\_n66A             |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-5B-66A-66A\_n66A             |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-2A-5A-66A-66A\_n66A          |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-5A-5A-66A-66A\_n66A          |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A-66A\_n71A                 | DC\_2A\_n71A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_5A\_n71A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n71A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-7A-13A\_n66A                 | DC\_2A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7A-7A-13A\_n66A              | DC\_7A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7C-13A\_n66A                 | DC\_13A\_n66A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-7A\_n38A-n78A                | DC\_2A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7A-7A\_n38A-n78A             |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7C\_n38A-n78A                |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-7A-66A\_n38A                 | 2A^5^                         |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-2A-7A-66A\_n38A              | 66A^5^                        |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-7A-66A\_n66A                 | DC\_2A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7C-66A\_n66A                 | DC\_7A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7A-7A-66A\_n66A              | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^              |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-7A-66A\_n71A                 | DC\_2A\_n71A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n71A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n71A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-7A-66A\_n78A                 | DC\_2A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7C-66A\_n78A                 | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-7A\_n66A-n78A                | DC\_2A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7A-7A\_n66A-n78A             | DC\_2A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7C\_n66A-n78A                | DC\_7A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-7A-66A\_n78(2A)              | DC\_2A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7A-7A-66A\_n78A              | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7A-7A-66A\_n78(2A)           | DC\_66A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7C-66A\_n78(2A)              |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7A-66A-66A\_n78A             |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7A-66A-66A\_n78(2A)          |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7A-7A-66A-66A\_n78A          |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7A-7A-66A-66A\_n78(2A)       |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7C-66A-66A\_n78A             |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-7C-66A-66A\_n78(2A)          |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A-30A\_n2A                 | DC\_12A\_n2A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_30A\_n2A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A-48A\_n5A                 | DC\_2A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_12A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_48A\_n5A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A-66A\_n5A                 | DC\_2A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_12A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n5A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A-30A\_n66A                | DC\_2A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-2A-12A-30A\_n66A             | DC\_12A\_n66A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_30A\_n66A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A-66A\_n2A                 | DC\_12A\_n2A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n2A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A-66A-66A\_n2A             | DC\_12A\_n2A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n2A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A-66A\_n66A                | DC\_2A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_12A\_n66A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^              |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-12A-66A\_n66A             | DC\_2A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_12A\_n66A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^              |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n2A                 | DC\_13A\_n2A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A-66A-66A\_n2A             | DC\_13A\_n2A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n5A                 | DC\_2A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-2A-13A-66A\_n5A              | DC\_66A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A-66A\_n5A             |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-2A-13A-66A-66A\_n5A          |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n48A                | DC\_2A\_n48A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n48B                | DC\_13A\_n48A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n48A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A-66A-66A\_n48A            | DC\_2A\_n48A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A-66A\_n48B            | DC\_13A\_n48A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n48A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n66A                | DC\_2A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-2A-13A-66A\_n66A             | DC\_13A\_n66A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A-66A\_n66A            | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^              |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-2A-13A-66A-66A\_n66A         |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-14A-66A\_n2A                 | DC\_2A\_n2A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_14A\_n2A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n2A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-14A-66A-66A\_n2A             | DC\_2A\_n2A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_14A\_n2A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n2A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-14A-66A\_n66A                | DC\_2A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_14A\_n66A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^              |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-14A-66A\_n66A             | DC\_2A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_14A\_n66A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^              |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-29A-30A\_n2A                 | DC\_2A\_n2A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_30A\_n2A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-29A-66A\_n2A                 | DC\_2A\_n2A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n2A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-29A-66A-66A\_n2A             | DC\_2A\_n2A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n2A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-29A-66A\_n66A                | DC\_2A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^              |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-30A-66A\_n2A                 | DC\_2A\_n2A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_30A\_n2A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n2A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-30A-66A-66A\_n2A             | DC\_2A\_n2A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_30A\_n2A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n2A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-30A-66A\_n5A                 | DC\_2A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-2A-30A-66A\_n5A              | DC\_30A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-30A-66A-66A\_n5A             | DC\_66A\_n5A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-30A-66A\_n66A                | DC\_2A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_30A\_n66A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^              |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A\_n41A-n66A               | DC\_2A\_n41A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n41A-n66A               | DC\_2A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n41A-n66A               |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A\_n41A-n71A               | DC\_2A\_n41A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n41A-n71A               | DC\_2A\_n71A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n41A-n71A               |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A\_n41(2A)-n71A            | DC\_2A\_n41A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n41(2A)-n71A            | DC\_2A\_n71A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n41(2A)-n71A            |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A-48A\_n5A                 | DC\_2A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46C-48A\_n5A                 | DC\_48A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46D-48A\_n5A                 |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46E-48A\_n5A                 |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A-48A\_n66A                | DC\_2A\_ n66A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46C-48A\_n66A                | DC\_48A\_n66A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46D-48A\_n66A                |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46E-48A\_n66A                |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A-66A\_n41A                | DC\_2A\_n41A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46C-66A\_n41A                | DC\_66A\_n41A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46D-66A\_n41A                |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A-66A\_n41(2A)             | DC\_2A\_n41A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46C-66A\_n41(2A)             | DC\_66A\_n41A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46D-66A\_n41(2A)             |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A-66A\_n71A                | DC\_2A\_n71A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46C-66A\_n71A                | DC\_66A\_n71A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46D-66A\_n71A                |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-48A-(n)5AA                   | DC\_2A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_48A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_(n)5AA^4^                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A\_n66A-n71A               | DC\_2A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n66A-n71A               | DC\_2A\_ n71A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n66A-n71A               |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-48A-66A\_n5A                 | DC\_2A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_48A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n5A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-48A-66A\_n12A                | DC\_2A\_n12A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_48A\_n12A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n12A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-48A-66A\_n71A                | DC\_2A\_n71A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_48A\_n71A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n71A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A-(n)5AA                   | DC\_2A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_(n)5AA^4^                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n38A-n78A               | DC\_2A\_n38A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_2A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n38A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A-71A\_n38A                | DC\_2A\_n38A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A-71A\_n38A             | DC\_66A\_n38A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_71A\_n38A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A-71A\_n66A                | DC\_2A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^              |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_71A\_n66A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A-71A\_n78A                | DC\_2A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A-71A\_n78A             | DC\_66A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_71A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A-(n)71AA                  | DC\_2A\_n71A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-66C-(n)71AA                  | DC\_66A\_n71A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_(n)71AA                   |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n41A-n71A               | DC\_2A\_n41A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n41C-n71A               | DC\_2A\_n71A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n41A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n71A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n41(2A)-n71A            | DC\_2A\_n41A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_2A\_n71A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n41A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n71A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n66A-n78A               | DC\_2A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_2A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^              |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n78A                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A               | DC\_5A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n1A-n78A^2^              | DC\_3A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-7A\_n1A-n78A^2^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n1A-n78A^2^           | DC\_7A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n1A-n78A^2^           | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n1A-n78A^2^        |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7C\_n1A-n78A                 | DC\_3A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-7C\_n1A-n78A                 | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A-41A\_n79A                 | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_5A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n5A-n78A                 | DC\_3A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-7C\_n5A-n78A                 | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-7A\_n5A-n78A                 | DC\_3C\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-7C\_n5A-n78A                 | DC\_7A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n7A-n78A^2^              | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n7A-n78A^2^           | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3C-7A\_n7A-n78A                 | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-8A\_n1A                   | DC\_3A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-7A-8A\_n1A                   | DC\_3C\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n1A                   |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-8A\_n1A                | DC\_3A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A-8A\_n1A                | DC\_7A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A-8A\_n1A             | DC\_8A\_n1A                   |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-8A\_n77A^2^               | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n77A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-8A\_n78A^2^               | DC\_3A\_n78A,                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A,                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-8A\_n78A^2^            | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A-8A\_n78A^2^            | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A-8A\_n78A^2^         | DC\_8A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-20A\_n1A                  | DC\_3A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-7A-20A\_n1A                  | DC\_3C\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-7C-20A\_n1A                  | DC\_7A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-7C-20A\_n1A                  | DC\_7C\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n1A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-20A\_n8A                  | DC\_3A\_n8A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n8A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n8A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-20A\_n28A^3,7,8^          | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-20A\_n78A^2^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-7A-20A\_n78A^2^              | DC\_20A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-28A\_n5A                  | DC\_3A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-7C-28A\_n5A                  | DC\_7A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-7A-28A\_n5A                  | DC\_7C\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-7C-28A\_n5A                  | DC\_28A\_n5A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-28A\_n7A                  | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-7A-28A\_n7A                  | DC\_3C\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n7A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-28A\_n7A               | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n7A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-28A\_n40A                 | DC\_3A\_n40A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n40A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n40A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-28A\_n78A^2^              | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-7C-28A\_n78A^2^              | DC\_3C\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-7A-28A\_n78A                 | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-7C-28A\_n78A                 | DC\_7C\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n28A-n78A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-7C\_n28A-n78A                | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-7A\_n28A-n78A                | DC\_3C\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-7C\_n28A-n78A                | DC\_7A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-40A\_n1A                  | DC\_3A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_40A\_n1A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_SUL\_n78A-n80A           | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-7A\_SUL\_n78A-n80A           | DC\_3A\_n80A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n80A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-8A\_n1A-n78A^2^              | DC\_3A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-3A-8A\_n1A-n78A^2^           | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-8A-20A\_n78A                 | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-8A\_n28A-n77A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n77A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-8A\_n28A-n77(2A)^2^          | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n77A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-8A-42A\_n77A^6,7^            | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-8A-42C\_n77A^6,7^            | DC\_8A\_n77A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-8A\_SUL\_n78A-n80A           | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n80A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n80A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n77A^6,7^           | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n77A^6,7^           | DC\_18A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n78A^6,7^           | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n78A^6,7^           | DC\_18A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n79A                | DC\_18A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-21A\_n77A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A\_n77C^2^             | DC\_19A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_21A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-21A\_n78A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A\_n78C^2^             | DC\_19A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_21A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-21A\_n79A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A\_n79C^2^             | DC\_19A\_n79A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_21A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n77A^6,7^           | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n77C^6,7^           | DC\_19A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n77A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n77C^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42D\_n77A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42D\_n77C^6,7^           |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n78A^6,7^           | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n78C^6,7^           | DC\_19A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n78A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n78C^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42D\_n78A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42D\_n78C^6,7^           |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n79A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n79C^2^             | DC\_19A\_n79A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n79A^2^             |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n79C^2^             |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42D\_n79A                |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-19A-42D\_n79C                |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A\_n77A-n79A               | DC\_19A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_19A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A\_n78A-n79A               | DC\_19A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_19A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_n1A-n7A                 | DC\_3A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n1A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n7A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3C-20A\_n1A-n7A                 | DC\_3A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n1A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n7A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_n1A-n28A^7,8^           | DC\_3A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n1A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3C-20A\_n1A-n28A^7,8^           | DC\_3A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n1A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_n7A-n28A^7,8^           | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n7A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3C-20A\_n7A-n28A^7,8^           | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n7A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_n28A-n78A^2,3,7,8^      | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-20A\_n28A-n78A^2,3,7,8^      | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A-38A\_n78A                | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_n38A-n78A               | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n38A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n38A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_n41A-n78A               | DC\_3A\_n41A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n41A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-20A\_SUL\_n78A-n80A          | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-20A\_SUL\_n78A-n80A          | DC\_3A\_n80A\_ULSUP-TDM\_n78A |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n80A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n77A^67^            | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n77C^6,7^           | DC\_21A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n77A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n77C^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42D\_n77A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42D\_n77C^6,7^           |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n78A^6,7^           | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n78C^6,7^           | DC\_21A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n78A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n78C^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42D\_n78A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42D\_n78C^6,7^           |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n79C                | DC\_21A\_n79A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n79A                |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n79C                |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42D\_n79A                |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-21A-42D\_n79C                |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A\_n77A-n79A               | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_21A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_21A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A\_n78A-n79A               | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_21A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_21A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n5A-n78A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3C-28A\_n5A-n78A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n7A-n78A                | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-3A-28A\_n7A-n78A             | DC\_28A\_n7A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n7B-n78A                | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-3A-28A\_n7B-n78A             | DC\_3A\_n7B                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n7A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n7B                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3C-28A\_n7A-n78A                | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n7A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3C-28A\_n7B-n78A                | DC\_3A\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n7A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n7B                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n7B                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n7A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n7B                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3C\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n40A-n78A               | DC\_3A\_n40A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n40A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A-41A\_n78A                | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C\_n78A                | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A-42A\_n77A^6,7^           | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-28A-42C\_n77A^6,7^           | DC\_28A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A-42A\_n78A^6,7^           | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-28A-42C\_n78A^6,7^           | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-28A-42C\_n79A                | DC\_28A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A\_n28A-n77A               | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n28A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41C\_n28A-n77A               | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n28A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n28A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A\_n28A-n78A               | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n28A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41C\_n28A-n78A               | DC\_3A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n28A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n28A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n77A^6,7^           | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n77A^6,7^           | DC\_41A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n77A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n77A^6,7^           |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n78A^6,7^           | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n78A^6,7^           | DC\_41A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n78A^6,7^           |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n78A^6,7^           |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n79A                | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n79A                | DC\_41A\_n79A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n79A                |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n79A                |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n77A-n79A^6,7^          | DC\_3A\_n77A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n77A-n79A^6,7^          | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n78A-n79A^6,7^          | DC\_3A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n78A-n79A^6,7^          | DC\_3A\_n79A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-48A-(n)12AA                  | DC\_5A\_n12A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_48A\_n12A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_(n)12AA^4^                |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-48A-66A\_n12A                | DC\_5A\_n12A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_48A\_n12A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n12A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-48A-66A\_n71A                | DC\_5A\_n71A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_48A\_n71A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n71A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-66A-(n)12AA                  | DC\_5A\_n12A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n12A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_(n)12AA^4^                |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-8A\_n1A-n78A^2^              | DC\_7A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_7A-7A-8A\_n1A-n78A^2^           | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n1A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_8A\_n78A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-13A-66A\_n66A                | DC\_7A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_7C-13A-66A\_n66A                | DC\_13A\_n66A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^              |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-20A\_n3A-n78A                | DC\_7A\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-20A\_n28A-n78A^2,3,7,8^      | DC\_7A\_n28A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n28A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_20A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-28A\_n3A-n78A                | DC\_7A\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_7C-28A\_n3A-n78A                | DC\_7A\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n3A                   |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-28A\_n5A-n78A                | DC\_7A\_n5A                   |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_7C-28A\_n5A-n78A                | DC\_7C\_n5A\                  |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7C\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n5A\                 |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-28A\_n7A-n78A                | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^                |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n7A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-66A\_n66A-n78A               | DC\_7A\_n66A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_7A-7A-66A\_n66A-n78A            | DC\_7A\_n78A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_7C-66A\_n66A-n78A               | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^              |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-30A-66A\_n2A                | DC\_12A\_n2A                  |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_12A-30A-66A-66A\_n2A            | DC\_30A\_n2A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n2A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-30A-66A\_n66A               | DC\_12A\_n66A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_30A\_n66A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^              |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-48A-(n)5AA                  | DC\_12A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_48A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_(n)5AA^4^                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-48A-66A\_n5A                | DC\_12A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_48A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n5A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-66A-(n)5AA                  | DC\_12A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n5A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_(n)5AA^4^                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-41A\_n3A-n77A               | DC\_18A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_18A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-41C\_n3A-n77A               | DC\_18A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_18A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-41A\_n3A-n78A               | DC\_18A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_18A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-41C\_n3A-n78A               | DC\_18A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_18A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n3A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_41C\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n77A^6,7^          | DC\_19A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n77C^6,7^          | DC\_21A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n77A^6,7^          |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n77C^6,7^          |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n78A^6,7^          | DC\_19A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n78C^6,7^          | DC\_21A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n78A^6,7^          |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n78C^6,7^          |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n79A               | DC\_19A\_n79A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n79C               | DC\_21A\_n79A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n79A               |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n79C               |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A\_n77A-n79A              | DC\_19A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_19A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A\_n78A-n79A              | DC\_19A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_19A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-42A\_n77A-n79A^6,7^         | DC\_19A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n77A-n79A^6,7^         | DC\_19A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-42A\_n78A-n79A^6,7^         | DC\_19A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n78A-n79A^6,7^         | DC\_19A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-28A-42A\_n77A^67^           | DC\_21A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_21A-28A-42C\_n77A^6,7^          | DC\_28A\_n77A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-28A-42A\_n78A^6,7^          | DC\_21A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_21A-28A-42C\_n78A^6,7^          | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-28A-42A\_n79A               | DC\_21A\_n79A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_21A-28A-42C\_n79A               | DC\_28A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-42A\_n77A-n79A^6,7^         | DC\_21A\_n77A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n77A-n79A^6,7^         | DC\_21A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-42A\_n78A-n79A^6,7^         | DC\_21A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n78A-n79A^6,7^         | DC\_21A\_n79A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-41A-42A\_n78A^6,7^          | DC\_28A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_28A-41C-42A\_n78A^6,7^          | DC\_41A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_28A-41A-42C\_n78A^6,7^          | DC\_41C\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_28A-41C-42C\_n78A^6,7^          | DC\_42A\_n78A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_42C\_n78A                 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_29A-30A-66A\_n2A                | DC\_30A\_n2A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n2A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_29A-30A-66A-66A\_n2A            | DC\_30A\_n2A                  |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n2A                  |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_29A-30A-66A\_n66A               | DC\_30A\_n66A                 |
|                                     |                               |
|                                     | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^              |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_46A-66A\_n25A-n41A              | DC\_66A\_n25A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n25A-n41A              | DC\_66A\_n41A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n25A-n41A              |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_46A-66A\_n25A-n71A              | DC\_66A\_n25A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n25A-n71A              | DC\_66A\_n71A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n25A-n71A              |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_46A-66A\_n41A-n71A              | DC\_66A\_n41A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n41A-n71A              | DC\_66A\_n71A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n41A-n71A              |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| DC\_46A-66A\_n41(2A)-n71A           | DC\_66A\_n41A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n41(2A)-n71A           | DC\_66A\_n71A                 |
|                                     |                               |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n41(2A)-n71A           |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC configurations |                               |
| are the configurations supported by |                               |
| the present release of              |                               |
| specifications.                     |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE           |                               |
| supporting inter-band EN-DC with    |                               |
| mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx        |                               |
| capability                          |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| NOTE 3: The frequency range in band |                               |
| n28 is restricted for this band     |                               |
| combination to 703-733 MHz for the  |                               |
| UL and 758-788 MHz for the DL.      |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| NOTE 4: Only single switched UL is  |                               |
| supported.                          |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| NOTE 5: UL carrier shall be         |                               |
| supported in Band 2 or band 66      |                               |
| only. Power imbalance between       |                               |
| downlink carriers on Band 7 and     |                               |
| Band 38 is assumed to be within     |                               |
| 6dB.                                |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| NOTE 6: For UEs not indicating      |                               |
| *inte                               |                               |
| rBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*, |                               |
| the minimum requirements for        |                               |
| intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC     |                               |
| apply for the Band 42 and Band      |                               |
| n77/n78 combination. For UEs not    |                               |
| indicating                          |                               |
| *inte                               |                               |
| rBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*, |                               |
| when UE capability                  |                               |
| *interBandContiguousMRDC* is        |                               |
| indicated, the minimum requirements |                               |
| for intra-band-contiguous EN-DC     |                               |
| also should be met in addtion to    |                               |
| intra-band non-contiguous EN-DC*.*  |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| NOTE 7: For UEs not indicating      |                               |
| *inte                               |                               |
| rBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*, |                               |
| the minimum requirements for        |                               |
| inter-band EN-DC apply for when the |                               |
| maximum power spectral density      |                               |
| imbalance between downlink carriers |                               |
| contained in overlapping or         |                               |
| partially overlapping DL bands is   |                               |
| within 6 dB.                        |                               |
|                                     |                               |
| NOTE 8: For UEs not indicating      |                               |
| *inte                               |                               |
| rBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*, |                               |
| the minimum requirements apply for  |                               |
| synchronized DL carriers with a     |                               |
| maximum receive time difference ≤ 3 |                               |
| usec between overlapping or         |                               |
| partially overlapping DL bands      |                               |
| contained in different cell groups. |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+

#### 5.5B.4.4 Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (five bands)

Table 5.5B.4.4-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (five
bands)

+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| EN-DC                                          | Uplink EN-DC       |
|                                                |                    |
| configuration                                  | configuration      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | (NOTE 1)           |
+================================================+====================+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n78A                          | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_5A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A                       | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_5A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-41A\_n79A                         | DC\_1A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_5A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_41A\_n79A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n5A-n78A                         | DC\_1A\_n5A        |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3C-7A\_n5A-n78A                         | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-7C\_n5A-n78A                         | DC\_3A\_n5A        |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3C-7C\_n5A-n78A                         | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3C\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n5A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7C\_n5A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7C\_n78A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n7A-n78A                         | DC\_1A\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^     |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3C-7A\_n7A-n78A                         | DC\_1A\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3C\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^     |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3C\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-8A\_n78A                          | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_8A\_n78A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-20A\_n8A                          | DC\_1A\_n8A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n8A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n8A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_20A\_n8A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-20A\_n28A^3,6,7^                  | DC\_1A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_20A\_n28A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-20A\_n78A^2^                      | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_20A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-28A\_n5A                          | DC\_1A\_n5A        |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3C-7A-28A\_n5A                          | DC\_3A\_n5A        |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-7C-28A\_n5A                          | DC\_7A\_n5A        |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3C-7C-28A\_n5A                          | DC\_7C\_n5A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n5A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| **DC\_1A-3A-7A-28A\_n7A**                      | **DC\_1A\_n7A**    |
|                                                |                    |
| **DC\_1A-3C-7A-28A\_n7A**                      | **DC\_3A\_n7A**    |
|                                                |                    |
| **DC\_1A-1A-3A-7A-28A\_n7A**                   | **DC\_3C\_n7A**    |
|                                                |                    |
| **DC\_1A-1A-3A-3A-7A-28A\_n7A**                | **DC\_7A\_n7A^4^** |
|                                                |                    |
| **DC\_1A-3A-3A-7A-28A\_n7A**                   | **DC\_28A\_n7A**   |
|                                                |                    |
| **DC\_1A-1A-3C-7A-28A\_n7A**                   |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| **DC\_1A-3A-7A-28A\_n40A**                     | **DC\_1A\_n40A**   |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | **DC\_3A\_n40A**   |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | **DC\_7A\_n40A**   |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | **DC\_28A\_n40A**  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| **DC\_1A-3A-7A-28A\_n78A**                     | **DC\_1A\_n78A**   |
|                                                |                    |
| **DC\_1A-3A-7C-28A\_n78A**                     | **DC\_3A\_n78A**   |
|                                                |                    |
| **DC\_1A-3C-7A-28A\_n78A**                     | **DC\_3C\_n78A**   |
|                                                |                    |
| **DC\_1A-3C-7C-28A\_n78A**                     | **DC\_7A\_n78A**   |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | **DC\_7C\_n78A**   |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | **DC\_28A\_n78A**  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n28A-n78A^2^                     | DC\_1A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-7C\_n28A-n78A                        | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3C-7A\_n28A-n78A                        | DC\_3A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3C-7C\_n28A-n78A                        | DC\_3C\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7C\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7C\_n78A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-8A-42A\_n77A^5,6^                    | DC\_1A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A-42C\_n77A^5,6^                    | DC\_3A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_8A\_n77A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n77A^5,6^                   | DC\_1A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n77A^5,6^                   | DC\_3A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_18A\_n77A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n78A^5,6^                   | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n78A^5,6^                   | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_18A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n79A                        | DC\_1A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n79A                        | DC\_3A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_18A\_n79A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n77A^2^                     | DC\_1A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n77C^2^                     | DC\_3A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_19A\_n77A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_21A\_n77A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n78A^2^                     | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n78C^2^                     | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_19A\_n78A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_21A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n79A^2^                     | DC\_1A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n79C^2^                     | DC\_3A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_19A\_n79A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_21A\_n79A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n77A^56^                    | DC\_1A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n77C^5,6^                   | DC\_3A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n77A^5,6^                   | DC\_19A\_n77A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n77C^5,6^                   |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n78A^5,6^                   | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n78C^5,6^                   | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n78A^5,6^                   | DC\_19A\_n78A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n78C^5,6^                   |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n79A                        | DC\_1A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n79C                        | DC\_3A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n79A                        | DC\_19A\_n79A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n79C                        |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-20A\_n28A-n78A^2,3,6,7^              | DC\_1A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_20A\_n28A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_20A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-20A-38A\_n78A                        | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_20A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-20A\_n38A-n78A                       | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_20A\_n78A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n38A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n38A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_20A\_n38A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-20A\_n41A-n78A                       | DC\_1A\_n41A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n41A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_20A\_n41A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_20A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n77A^5,6^                   | DC\_1A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n77C^5,6^                   | DC\_3A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n77A^5,6^                   | DC\_21A\_n77A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n77C^5,6^                   |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n78A^5,6^                   | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n78C^5,6^                   | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n78A^5,6^                   | DC\_21A\_n78A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n78C^5,6^                   |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n79A                        | DC\_1A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n79C                        | DC\_3A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n79A                        | DC\_21A\_n79A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n79C                        |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n77A-n79A                       | DC\_3A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n79A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n78A-n79A                       | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n79A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n5A-n78A^2^                     | DC\_1A\_n5A        |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3C-28A\_n5A-n78A^2^                     | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n5A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3C\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n5A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n7A-n78A                        | DC\_1A\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n7A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n7B-n78A                        | DC\_1A\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n7A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A-n7B         |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A-n7B         |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n7B       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3C-28A\_n7A-n78A                        | DC\_1A\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3C\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n7A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3C\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3C-28A\_n7B-n78A                        | DC\_1A\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3C\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n7A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n7B        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n7B        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3C\_n7B        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n7B       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3C\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n40A-n78A                       | DC\_1A\_n40A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n40A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n40A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n77A^5,6^                   | DC\_1A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n77C^5,6^                   | DC\_3A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n77A^5,6^                   | DC\_28A\_n77A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n77C^5,6^                   |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n78A^5,6^                   | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n78C^5,6^                   | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n78A^5,6^                   | DC\_28A\_n78A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n78C^5,6^                   |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n79A                        | DC\_1A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n79C                        | DC\_3A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n79A                        | DC\_28A\_n79A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n79C                        |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n28A-n77A                       | DC\_1A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_41A\_n28A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_41A\_n77A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n28A-n77A                       | DC\_1A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_41A\_n28A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_41A\_n77A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_41C\_n28A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_41C\_n77A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n28A-n78A                       | DC\_1A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_41A\_n28A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_41A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n28A-n78A                       | DC\_1A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_41A\_n28A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_41A\_n78A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_41C\_n28A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_41C\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n77A^5,6^                   | DC\_1A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n77A^5,6^                   | DC\_3A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n77A^5,6^                   | DC\_41A\_n77A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n77A^5,6^                   |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n78A^5,6^                   | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n78A^5,6^                   | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n78A^5,6^                   | DC\_41A\_n78A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n78A^5,6^                   |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n79A                        | DC\_1A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n79A                        | DC\_3A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n79A                        | DC\_41A\_n79A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n79A                        |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-20A\_n3A-n78A                        | DC\_1A\_n3A        |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-28A\_n5A-n78A                        | DC\_1A\_n5A        |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-7C-28A\_n5A-n78A                        | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n5A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7C\_n5A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7C\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n5A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-28A\_n7A-n78A                        | DC\_1A\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^     |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n7A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-20A\_n28A-n78A^2,3,6,7^              | DC\_1A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_20A\_n28A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_20A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n77A^56^                   | DC\_1A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n77C^5,6^                  | DC\_19A\_n77A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n77A^5,6^                  | DC\_21A\_n77A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n77C^5,6^                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n78A^5,6^                  | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n78C^5,6^                  | DC\_19A\_n78A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n78A^5,6^                  | DC\_21A\_n78A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n78C^5,6^                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n79A                       | DC\_1A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n79C                       | DC\_19A\_n79A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n79A                       | DC\_21A\_n79A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n79C                       |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n77A-n79A^5,6^                 | DC\_19A\_n77A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n77A-n79A^5,6^                 | DC\_19A\_n79A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n78A-n79A^5,6^                 | DC\_19A\_n78A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n78A-n79A^5,6^                 | DC\_19A\_n79A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-20A-38A\_n3A-n78A                       | DC\_1A\_n3A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_20A\_n3A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_38A\_n3A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_20A\_n78A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_38A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-28A-42A\_n77A^5,6^                  | DC\_1A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-21A-28A-42C\_n77A^5,6^                  | DC\_21A\_n77A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n77A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-28A-42A\_n78A^5,6^                  | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-21A-28A-42C\_n78A^5,6^                  | DC\_21A\_n78A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-28A-42A\_n79A                       | DC\_1A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-21A-28A-42C\_n79A                       | DC\_21A\_n79A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n79A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n77A-n79A^5,6^                 | DC\_1A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n77A-n79A^5,6^                 | DC\_1A\_n79A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n78A-n79A^5,6^                 | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n78A-n79A^5,6^                 | DC\_1A\_n79A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A-7A-13A-66A\_n66A                        | DC\_2A\_n66A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A-7C-13A-66A\_n66A                        | DC\_7A\_n66A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_13A\_n66A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A-7A-66A\_n66A-n78A                       | DC\_2A\_n66A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A-7A-7A-66A\_n66A-n78A                    | DC\_2A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A-7C-66A\_n66A-n78A                       | DC\_7A\_n66A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^   |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_66A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A-30A-66A\_n2A                        | DC\_12A\_n2A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_30A\_n2A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_66A\_n2A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A-30A-66A\_n66A                       | DC\_2A\_n66A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_12A\_n66A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_30A\_n66A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_66A\_n66A^4^   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A-29A-30A-66A\_n2A                        | DC\_2A\_n2A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_30A\_n2A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_66A\_n2A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A-66A\_n41A-n71A                      | DC\_2A\_n41A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A-46C-66A\_n41A-n71A                      | DC\_2A\_n71A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A-46D-66A\_n41A-n71A                      | DC\_66A\_n41A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_66A\_n71A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-8A\_n1A-n78A^2^                      | DC\_3A\_n1A        |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-8A\_n1A-n78A^2^                   | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A-8A\_n1A-n78A^2^                   | DC\_7A\_n1A        |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A-8A\_n1A-n78A^2^                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_8A\_n1A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_8A\_n78A       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-20A\_n28A-n78A^2,3,6,7^              | DC\_3A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n28A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_20A\_n28A      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_20A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-28A\_n5A-n78A                        | DC\_3A\_n5A        |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3C-7A-28A\_n5A-n78A                        | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-7C-28A\_n5A-n78A                        | DC\_3C\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3C-7C-28A\_n5A-n78A                        | DC\_7A\_n5A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7C\_n5A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7C\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n5A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-28A\_n7A-n78A                        | DC\_3A\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^     |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n7A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_3C-7A-28A\_n7A-n78A                        | DC\_3A\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3C\_n7A        |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^     |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n7A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_3C\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_7A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_28A\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42A\_n77A^5,6^                  | DC\_3A\_n77A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42A\_n77C^5,6^                  | DC\_19A\_n77A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42C\_n77A^5,6^                  | DC\_21A\_n77A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42C\_n77C^5,6^                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42A\_n78A^5,6^                  | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42A\_n78C^5,6^                  | DC\_19A\_n78A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42C\_n78A^5,6^                  | DC\_21A\_n78A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42C\_n78C^5,6^                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42A\_n79A^5,6^                  | DC\_3A\_n79A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42A\_n79C^5,6^                  | DC\_19A\_n79A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42C\_n79A^5,6^                  | DC\_21A\_n79A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42C\_n79C^5,6^                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42A\_n78A^5,6^                  | DC\_1A\_n78A       |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-28A-4                                   | DC\_3A\_n78A       |
| 1A-42C\_n78A^5,6^DC\_3A-28A-41C-42A\_n78A^5,6^ |                    |
|                                                | DC\_41A\_n78A      |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42C\_n78A^5,6^                  |                    |
|                                                | DC\_41C\_n78A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n77A-n79A^5,6^                | DC\_19A\_n77A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n77A-n79A^5,6^                | DC\_19A\_n79A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n78A-n79A^5,6^                | DC\_19A\_n78A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n78A-n79A^5,6^                | DC\_19A\_n79A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC configurations are the    |                    |
| configurations supported by the present        |                    |
| release of specifications.                     |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE supporting           |                    |
| inter-band EN-DC with mandatory simultaneous   |                    |
| Rx/Tx capability                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| NOTE 3: The frequency range in band n28 is     |                    |
| restricted for this band combination to        |                    |
| 703-733 MHz for the UL and 758-788 MHz for the |                    |
| DL                                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| NOTE 4: Only single switched UL is supported.  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| NOTE 5: For UEs not indicating                 |                    |
| *interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*, the   |                    |
| minimum requirements for intra-band            |                    |
| non-contiguous EN-DC apply for the Band 42 and |                    |
| Band n77/n78 combination. For UEs not          |                    |
| indicating                                     |                    |
| *interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*, when  |                    |
| UE capability *interBandContiguousMRDC* is     |                    |
| indicated, the minimum requirements for        |                    |
| intra-band-contiguous EN-DC also should be met |                    |
| in addtion to intra-band non-contiguous        |                    |
| EN-DC*.*                                       |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| NOTE 6: For UEs not indicating                 |                    |
| *interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*, the   |                    |
| minimum requirements for inter-band EN-DC      |                    |
| apply when the maximum power spectral density  |                    |
| imbalance between downlink carriers contained  |                    |
| in overlapping or partially overlapping DL     |                    |
| bands is within 6 dB.                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| NOTE 7: For UEs not indicating                 |                    |
| *interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*, the   |                    |
| minimum requirements apply for synchronized DL |                    |
| carriers with a maximum receive time           |                    |
| difference ≤ 3 usec between overlapping or     |                    |
| partially overlapping DL bands contained in    |                    |
| different cell groups.                         |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+

#### 5.5B.4.5 Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (six bands)

Table 5.5B.4.5-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations within FR1 (six bands)

+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| EN-DC                                              | Uplink EN-DC   |
|                                                    |                |
| configuration                                      | configuration  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | (NOTE 1)       |
+====================================================+================+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-20A\_n28A-n78A^2,3,5,6^               | DC\_1A\_n28A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_1A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_3A\_n28A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_3A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_7A\_n28A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_7A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_20A\_n28A  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_20A\_n78A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-28A\_n5A-n78A                         | DC\_1A\_n5A    |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-7C-28A\_n5A-n78A                         | DC\_1A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3C-7A-28A\_n5A-n78A                         | DC\_3A\_n5A    |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3C-7C-28A\_n5A-n78A                         | DC\_3A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_3C\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_7A\_n5A    |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_7C\_n5A    |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_7A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_7C\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_28A\_n5A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_28A\_n78A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-28A\_n7A-n78A                         | DC\_1A\_n7A    |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_3A\_n7A    |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^ |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_28A\_n7A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_1A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_3A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_7A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_28A\_n78A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A-3C-7A-28A\_n7A-n78A                         | DC\_1A\_n7A    |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_3A\_n7A    |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_3C\_n7A    |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_7A\_n7A^4^ |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_28A\_n7A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_1A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_3A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_3C\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_7A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_28A\_n78A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC configurations are the        |                |
| configurations supported by the present release of |                |
| specifications.                                    |                |
|                                                    |                |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE supporting inter-band    |                |
| EN-DC with mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx            |                |
| capability.                                        |                |
|                                                    |                |
| NOTE 3: The frequency range in band n28 is         |                |
| restricted for this band combination to 703-733    |                |
| MHz for the UL and 758-788 MHz for the DL.         |                |
|                                                    |                |
| NOTE 4: Only single switched UL is supported.      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| NOTE 5: For UEs not indicating                     |                |
| *interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*, the       |                |
| minimum requirements for inter-band EN-DC apply    |                |
| when the maximum power spectral density imbalance  |                |
| between downlink carriers contained in overlapping |                |
| or partially overlapping DL bands is within 6 dB.  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| NOTE 6: For UEs not indicating                     |                |
| *interBandMRDC-WithOverlapDL-Bands-r16*, the       |                |
| minimum requirements apply for synchronized DL     |                |
| carriers with a maximum receive time difference ≤  |                |
| 3 usec between overlapping or partially            |                |
| overlapping DL bands contained in different cell   |                |
| groups.                                            |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+

### 5.5B.4a Inter-band NE-DC within FR1

#### 5.5B.4a.1 Inter-band NE-DC configurations within FR1 (two bands)

Table 5.5B.4a.1-1: Inter-band NE-DC configurations within FR1 (two
bands)

+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| NE-DC                          | Uplink NE-DC  | Single UL allowed |
|                                |               |                   |
| configuration                  | configuration |                   |
|                                |               |                   |
|                                | (NOTE 1)      |                   |
+================================+===============+===================+
| DC\_n1A\_28A                   | DC\_n1A\_28A  | No                |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink NE-DC           |               |                   |
| configurations are the         |               |                   |
| configurations supported by    |               |                   |
| the present release of         |               |                   |
| specifications.                |               |                   |
+--------------------------------+---------------+-------------------+

### 5.5B.5 Inter-band EN-DC including FR2

#### 5.5B.5.1 Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR2 (two bands)

Table 5.5B.5.1-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR2 (two
bands)

+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| EN-DC                                          | Uplink EN-DC       |
|                                                |                    |
| configuration                                  | configuration      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | (NOTE 1)           |
+================================================+====================+
| DC\_1A\_n257A                                  | DC\_1A\_n257A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A\_n257D                                  | DC\_1A\_n257D      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A\_n257E                                  | DC\_1A\_n257G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A\_n257F                                  | DC\_1A\_n257H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A\_n257G                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A\_n257H                                  | DC\_1A\_n257J      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A\_n257I                                  | DC\_1A\_n257K      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A\_n257J                                  | DC\_1A\_n257L      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A\_n257K                                  | DC\_1A\_n257M      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A\_n257L                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A\_n257M                                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n258A                                  | DC\_1A\_n258A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_1A\_n258D                                  | DC\_1A\_n258D      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n257A                                  | DC\_2A\_n257A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2C\_n257A                                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n257(2A)                               | DC\_2A\_n257A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A\_n257A                               | DC\_2A\_n257A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n258A                                  | DC\_2A\_n258A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n258(2A)                               | DC\_2A\_n258A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n258(3A)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n258(4A)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n258(5A)                               |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n260A                                  | DC\_2A\_n260A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260G                                  | DC\_2A\_n260G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260H                                  | DC\_2A\_n260H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260I                                  | DC\_2A\_n260O      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260J                                  | DC\_2A\_n260P      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260K                                  | DC\_2A\_n260Q      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260L                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260M                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260O                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260P                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260Q                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2C\_n260A                                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n260(2A)                               | DC\_2A\_n260A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(3A)                               | DC\_2A\_n260G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(4A)                               | DC\_2A\_n260H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(5A)                               | DC\_2A\_n260O      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(6A)                               | DC\_2A\_n260P      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(7A)                               | DC\_2A\_n260Q      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(8A)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(2D)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(2G)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(3G)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(4G)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(2H)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(2O)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(3O)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(4O)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(A-G)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(A-H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(A-P)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(A-Q)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(A-2G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(A-2H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(2A-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(2A-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(2A-2G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(2A-2H)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(3A-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(3A-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(3A-2O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(3A-P)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(4A-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(4A-2O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(G-H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(P-Q)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(A-P-Q)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(2A-O-P)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n260(3A-O-P)                           |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A\_n260A                               | DC\_2A\_n260A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A-2A\_n260G                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A-2A\_n260H                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A-2A\_n260I                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A-2A\_n260J                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A-2A\_n260K                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A-2A\_n260L                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A-2A\_n260M                               |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n261A                                  | DC\_2A\_n261A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(2A)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(3A)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(4A)                               |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n261G                                  | DC\_2A\_n261A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261H                                  | DC\_2A\_n261G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261I                                  | DC\_2A\_n261H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261J                                  | DC\_2A\_n261I      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261K                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261L                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261M                                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n261(2I)                               | DC\_2A\_n261A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(2H)                               | DC\_2A\_n261G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(A-G)                              | DC\_2A\_n261H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(A-J)                              | DC\_2A\_n261I      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(A-K)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(A-2G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(A-H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(A-I)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(2A-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(2A-I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(2A-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(3A-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(G-H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(G-I)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(G-J)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(2G)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(H-I)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(A-G-H)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_2A\_n261(A-G-I)                            |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n257A                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n257B                                  | DC\_3A\_n257B      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n257C                                  | DC\_3A\_n257D      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n257D                                  | DC\_3A\_n257G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n257E                                  | DC\_3A\_n257H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n257F                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n257G                                  | DC\_3A\_n257J      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n257H                                  | DC\_3A\_n257K      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n257I                                  | DC\_3A\_n257L      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n257J                                  | DC\_3A\_n257M      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n257K                                  | DC\_3C\_n257A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n257L                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n257M                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3C\_n257A                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3C\_n257D                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3C\_n257E                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3C\_n257F                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3C\_n257G                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3C\_n257H                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3C\_n257I                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3C\_n257J                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3C\_n257K                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3C\_n257L                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3C\_n257M                                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n258A                                  | DC\_3A\_n258A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n258B                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n258C                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n258D                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n258E                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n258F                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n258G                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n258H                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n258I                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n258J                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n258K                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n258L                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A\_n258M                                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A\_n257A                               | DC\_3A\_n257A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n257D                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n257E                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n257F                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n257G                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n257H                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n257I                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n257J                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n257K                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n257L                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n257M                               |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A)                               | DC\_4A\_n260A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(3A)                               | DC\_4A\_n260G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(4A)                               | DC\_4A\_n260H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(5A)                               | DC\_4A\_n260O      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(6A)                               | DC\_4A\_n260P      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(7A)                               | DC\_4A\_n260Q      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(8A)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2D)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2G)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(3G)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(4G)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2H)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2O)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(3O)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(4O)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-D)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-D)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-O)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-D-O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-D-O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-2O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(D-2O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-D-2O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-D-2O)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-2D)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-2D)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-P)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-P)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-2P)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-2P)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-G)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-2G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-2G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(G-O)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2G-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-G-O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-G-O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-2G-O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-2G-O)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-2H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-2H)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-2O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-3O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-3O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-4O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-4O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(3A-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(3A-2O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(3A-3O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(3A-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(3A-2G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(4A-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(4A-2G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(4A-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(4A-2O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(D-2G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2D-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(G-2O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2G-2O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(G-3O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2G-3O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(G-4O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2G-4O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(3G-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(4G-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(H-O)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2H-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-P-Q)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(3A-O-P)                           |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_4A\_n260A                                  | DC\_4A\_n260A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260G                                  | DC\_4A\_n260G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260H                                  | DC\_4A\_n260H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260O                                  | DC\_4A\_n260O      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260P                                  | DC\_4A\_n260P      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260Q                                  | DC\_4A\_n260Q      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_4A\_n261(2A)                               | DC\_4A\_n261A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(3A)                               | DC\_4A\_n261H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(4A)                               | DC\_4A\_n261I      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(2H)                               | DC\_4A\_n261G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(2I)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(A-D)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(A-H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(A-2H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(A-D-H)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(A-G)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(A-G-H)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(A-I)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(A-2I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(G-I)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(A-G-I)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(A-H-I)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(G-H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(H-I)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261(D-H)                              |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_4A\_n261A                                  | DC\_4A\_n261A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261D                                  | DC\_4A\_n261D      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261G                                  | DC\_4A\_n261G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261H                                  | DC\_4A\_n261H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261I                                  | DC\_4A\_n261I      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261J                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261K                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261L                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n261M                                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-Q)                              | DC\_4A\_n260A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(P-Q)                              | DC\_4A\_n260G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(2A-O-P)                           | DC\_4A\_n260H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(3A-P)                             | DC\_4A\_n260O      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_4A\_n260(A-O-P)                            | DC\_4A\_n260P      |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | DC\_4A\_n260Q      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_5A\_n257A                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n257D                                  | DC\_5B\_n257A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n257E                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n257F                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n257G                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n257H                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n257I                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n257J                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n257K                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n257L                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n257M                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5B\_n257A                                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_5A-5A\_n257A                               | DC\_5A\_n257A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_5A\_n258A                                  | DC\_5A\_n258A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_5A\_n260A                                  | DC\_5A\_n260A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260B                                  | DC\_5A\_n260G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260C                                  | DC\_5A\_n260H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260D                                  | DC\_5A\_n260O      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260E                                  | DC\_5A\_n260P      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260F                                  | DC\_5A\_n260Q      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260G                                  | DC\_5B\_n260A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260H                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260I                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260J                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260K                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260L                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260M                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260O                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260P                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260Q                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5B\_n260A                                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A)                               | DC\_5A\_n260A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(3A)                               | DC\_5A\_n260G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(4A)                               | DC\_5A\_n260H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(5A)                               | DC\_5A\_n260O      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(6A)                               | DC\_5A\_n260P      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(7A)                               | DC\_5A\_n260Q      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(8A)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(9A)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(10A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-I)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-P-Q)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(3A-O-P)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(D-G)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(D-H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(D-I)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(D-O)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(D-P)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(D-Q)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(E-O)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(E-P)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(E-Q)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(G-I)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2G)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2H)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2O)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(3O)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(4O)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2P)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(3P)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(4P)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-2O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-2G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-2G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2G-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-2G-O)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-2H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-2H)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-2O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-3O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-4O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-4O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(3A-2O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(3A-2G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(4A-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(4A-2G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(4A-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(4A-2O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-O)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-G)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(G-O)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-G-O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-G-O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-2G-O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-3O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(3A-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(3A-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2D)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(3G)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(4G)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-D)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-D)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-D-O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-D-O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(D-2O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-D-2O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-D-2O)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-2D)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-2D)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-P)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-P)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-2P)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-2P)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(3A-3O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(D-2G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2D-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(G-2O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2G-2O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(G-3O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2G-3O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(G-4O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2G-4O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(3G-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(4G-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(H-O)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2H-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-Q)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(P-Q)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-4P)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2O-2P)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(3A-P)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(4A-4O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(4A-2Q)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(6A-2O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(6A-2P)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(6A-3O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(8A-2O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-O-P)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-2G-2O)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-2O-2P)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(2A-2O-2Q)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(O-P)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n260(A-O-P)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A-5A\_n260A                               |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_5A\_n261A                                  | DC\_5A\_n261A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261B                                  | DC\_5A\_n261G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261C                                  | DC\_5A\_n261H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261D                                  | DC\_5A\_n261I      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261E                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261F                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261G                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261H                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261I                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261J                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261K                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261L                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261M                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261O                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261P                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261Q                                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_5A\_n261(2A)                               | DC\_5A\_n261A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(2G)                               | DC\_5A\_n261G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(3A)                               | DC\_5A\_n261H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(4A)                               | DC\_5A\_n261I      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(D-G)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(D-H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(D-I)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(D-O)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(D-P)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(D-Q)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(E-O)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(E-P)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(E-Q)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(2H)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(2I)                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-I)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(2A-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-K)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-D)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-D-H)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-D-2O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-G)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-G-H)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(G-I)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-G-I)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-H-I)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(G-H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(G-J)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(H-I)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-2D)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-2H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-2P)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-2Q)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-2I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-4G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-4O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-7O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-2G-2O)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(A-3G-O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(2A-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(2A-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(2A-I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_5A\_n261(3A-G)                             |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n257A                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n257D                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n257E                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n257F                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n257G                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n257H                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n257I                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n257J                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n257K                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n257L                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n257M                                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257A                               | DC\_7A\_n257A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257D                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257E                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257F                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257G                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257H                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257I                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257J                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257K                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257L                               |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n257M                               |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n258A                                  | DC\_7A\_n258A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n258B                                  | DC\_7A\_n258B      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n258C                                  | DC\_7A\_n258C      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n258D                                  | DC\_7A\_n258D      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n258E                                  | DC\_7A\_n258E      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n258F                                  | DC\_7A\_n258F      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n258G                                  | DC\_7A\_n258G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n258H                                  | DC\_7A\_n258H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n258I                                  | DC\_7A\_n258I      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n258J                                  | DC\_7A\_n258J      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n258K                                  | DC\_7A\_n258K      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n258L                                  | DC\_7A\_n258L      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7A\_n258M                                  | DC\_7A\_n258M      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7C\_n258A                                  | DC\_7C\_n258A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7C\_n258B                                  | DC\_7C\_n258B      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7C\_n258C                                  | DC\_7C\_n258C      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7C\_n258D                                  | DC\_7C\_n258D      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7C\_n258E                                  | DC\_7C\_n258E      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7C\_n258F                                  | DC\_7C\_n258F      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7C\_n258G                                  | DC\_7C\_n258G      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7C\_n258H                                  | DC\_7C\_n258H      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7C\_n258I                                  | DC\_7C\_n258I      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7C\_n258J                                  | DC\_7C\_n258J      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7C\_n258K                                  | DC\_7C\_n258K      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7C\_n258L                                  | DC\_7C\_n258L      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_7C\_n258M                                  | DC\_7C\_n258M      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_8A\_n257A                                  | DC\_8A\_n257A      |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_8A\_n257D                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_8A\_n257E                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_8A\_n257F                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_8A\_n257G                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_8A\_n257H                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_8A\_n257I                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_8A\_n257J                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_8A\_n257K                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_8A\_n257L                                  |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_8A\_n257M                                  |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_8A\_n258A                                  | DC\_8A\_n258A      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_11A\_n257A                                 | DC\_11A\_n257A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_11A\_n257D                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_11A\_n257G                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_11A\_n257H                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_11A\_n257I                                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_12A\_n257A                                 | DC\_12A\_n257A     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_12A\_n258A                                 | DC\_12A\_n258A     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_12A\_n260A                                 | DC\_12A\_n260A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_12A\_n260G                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_12A\_n260H                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_12A\_n260I                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_12A\_n260J                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_12A\_n260K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_12A\_n260L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_12A\_n260M                                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_12A\_n260(A-I)                             | DC\_12A\_n260A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_12A\_n260(G-I)                             |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_12A\_n261A                                 | DC\_12A\_n261A     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_13A\_n257A                                 | DC\_13A\_n257A     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_13A\_n260A                                 | DC\_13A\_n260A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260G                                 | DC\_13A\_n260G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260H                                 | DC\_13A\_n260H     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260I                                 | DC\_13A\_n260O     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260J                                 | DC\_13A\_n260P     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260K                                 | DC\_13A\_n260Q     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260M                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260O                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260P                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260Q                                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_13A\_n260(2A)                              | DC\_13A\_n260A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(3A)                              | DC\_13A\_n260G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(4A)                              | DC\_13A\_n260H     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(5A)                              | DC\_13A\_n260O     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(6A)                              | DC\_13A\_n260P     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(7A)                              | DC\_13A\_n260Q     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(8A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(2D)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(2G)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(3G)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(4G)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(2H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(2O)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(3O)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(4O)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(A-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(A-2G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(A-P)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(A-Q)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(2A-G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(2A-H)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(2A-2G)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(2A-2H)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(3A-G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(3A-O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(3A-P)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(3A-2O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(4A-O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(4A-2O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(P-Q)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(A-P-Q)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(2A-O-P)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(3A-O-P)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(A-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(A-2H)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(2A-O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(A-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(2A-P)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(A-O-P)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(O-P)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(2A-2O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(A-2O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n260(G-H)                             |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_13A\_n261A                                 | DC\_13A\_n261A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261G                                 | DC\_13A\_n261G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261H                                 | DC\_13A\_n261H     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261J                                 | DC\_13A\_n261I     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261I                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261M                                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_13A\_n261(2A)                              | DC\_13A\_n261A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(2G)                              | DC\_13A\_n261G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(3A)                              | DC\_13A\_n261H     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(4A)                              | DC\_13A\_n261I     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(2H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(2I)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(A-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(A-K)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(A-2G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(A-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(A-I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(A-J)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(2A-G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(2A-H)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(2A-I)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(3A-G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(G-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(G-I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(G-J)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(H-I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(A-G-H)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_13A\_n261(A-G-I)                           |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| **DC\_14A\_n260A**                             | **DC\_14A\_n260A** |
|                                                |                    |
| **DC\_14A\_n260G**                             | **DC\_14A\_n260G** |
|                                                |                    |
| **DC\_14A\_n260H**                             | **DC\_14A\_n260H** |
|                                                |                    |
| **DC\_14A\_n260I**                             | **DC\_14A\_n260I** |
|                                                |                    |
| **DC\_14A\_n260J**                             | **DC\_14A\_n260J** |
|                                                |                    |
| **DC\_14A\_n260K**                             | **DC\_14A\_n260K** |
|                                                |                    |
| **DC\_14A\_n260L**                             | **DC\_14A\_n260L** |
|                                                |                    |
| **DC\_14A\_n260M**                             | **DC\_14A\_n260M** |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_18A\_n257A                                 | DC\_18A\_n257A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_18A\_n257D                                 | DC\_18A\_n257G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_18A\_n257E                                 | DC\_18A\_n257H     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_18A\_n257F                                 | DC\_18A\_n257I     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_18A\_n257G                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_18A\_n257H                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_18A\_n257I                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_18A\_n257J                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_18A\_n257K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_18A\_n257L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_18A\_n257M                                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_19A\_n257A                                 | DC\_19A\_n257A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_19A\_n257D                                 | DC\_19A\_n257G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_19A\_n257E                                 | DC\_19A\_n257H     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_19A\_n257F                                 | DC\_19A\_n257I     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_19A\_n257G                                 | DC\_19A\_n257J     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_19A\_n257H                                 | DC\_19A\_n257K     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_19A\_n257I                                 | DC\_19A\_n257L     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_19A\_n257J                                 | DC\_19A\_n257M     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_19A\_n257K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_19A\_n257L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_19A\_n257M                                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_20A\_n258A                                 | DC\_20A\_n258A     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_21A\_n257A                                 | DC\_21A\_n257A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_21A\_n257D                                 | DC\_21A\_n257G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_21A\_n257E                                 | DC\_21A\_n257H     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_21A\_n257F                                 | DC\_21A\_n257I     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_21A\_n257G                                 | DC\_21A\_n257J     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_21A\_n257H                                 | DC\_21A\_n257K     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_21A\_n257I                                 | DC\_21A\_n257L     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_21A\_n257J                                 | DC\_21A\_n257M     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_21A\_n257K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_21A\_n257L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_21A\_n257M                                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_26A\_n257A                                 | DC\_26A\_n257A     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_28A\_n257A                                 | DC\_28A\_n257A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n257D                                 | DC\_28A\_n257G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n257E                                 | DC\_28A\_n257H     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n257F                                 | DC\_28A\_n257I     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n257G                                 | DC\_28A\_n257J     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n257H                                 | DC\_28A\_n257K     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n257I                                 | DC\_28A\_n257L     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n257J                                 | DC\_28A\_n257M     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n257K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n257L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n257M                                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_28A\_n258A                                 | DC\_28A\_n258A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n258B                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n258C                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n258D                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n258E                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n258F                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n258G                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n258H                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n258I                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n258J                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n258K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n258L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_28A\_n258M                                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_30A\_n260A                                 | DC\_30A\_n260A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_30A\_n260G                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_30A\_n260H                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_30A\_n260I                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_30A\_n260J                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_30A\_n260K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_30A\_n260L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_30A\_n260M                                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_30A\_n260(A-I)                             | DC\_30A\_n260A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_30A\_n260(G-I)                             |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_39A\_n257A                                 | DC\_39A\_n257A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_39A\_n257D                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_39A\_n257E                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_39A\_n257F                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_39A\_n257G                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_39A\_n257H                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_39A\_n257I                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_39A\_n257J                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_39A\_n257K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_39A\_n257L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_39A\_n257M                                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_39A\_n258A                                 | DC\_39A\_n258A     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_41A\_n257A                                 | DC\_41A\_n257A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41A\_n257D                                 | DC\_41A\_n257D     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41A\_n257E                                 | DC\_41A\_n257G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41A\_n257F                                 | DC\_41A\_n257H     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41A\_n257G                                 | DC\_41A\_n257I     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41A\_n257H                                 | DC\_41C\_n257A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41A\_n257I                                 | DC\_41C\_n257D     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41A\_n257J                                 | DC\_41C\_n257G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41A\_n257K                                 | DC\_41C\_n257H     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41A\_n257L                                 | DC\_41C\_n257I     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41A\_n257M                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41C\_n257A                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41C\_n257D                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41C\_n257E                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41C\_n257F                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41C\_n257G                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41C\_n257H                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41C\_n257I                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41C\_n257J                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41C\_n257K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41C\_n257L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_41C\_n257M                                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_41A\_n258A                                 | DC\_41A\_n258A     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_42A\_n257A                                 | DC\_42A\_n257A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42A\_n257D                                 | DC\_42A\_n257D     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42A\_n257E                                 | DC\_42A\_n257E     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42A\_n257F                                 | DC\_42A\_n257F     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42A\_n257G                                 | DC\_42A\_n257G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42A\_n257H                                 | DC\_42A\_n257H     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42A\_n257I                                 | DC\_42A\_n257I     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42A\_n257J                                 | DC\_42A\_n257J     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42A\_n257K                                 | DC\_42A\_n257K     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42A\_n257L                                 | DC\_42A\_n257L     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42A\_n257M                                 | DC\_42A\_n257M     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42C\_n257A                                 | DC\_42C\_n257A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42C\_n257D                                 | DC\_42C\_n257D     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42C\_n257E                                 | DC\_42C\_n257E     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42C\_n257F                                 | DC\_42C\_n257F     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42C\_n257G                                 | DC\_42D\_n257A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42C\_n257H                                 | DC\_42D\_n257D     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42C\_n257I                                 | DC\_42D\_n257E     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42C\_n257J                                 | DC\_42D\_n257F     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42C\_n257K                                 | DC\_42E\_n257A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42C\_n257L                                 | DC\_42E\_n257D     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42C\_n257M                                 | DC\_42E\_n257E     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42D\_n257A                                 | DC\_42E\_n257F     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42D\_n257D                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42D\_n257E                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42D\_n257F                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42D\_n257G                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42D\_n257H                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42D\_n257I                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42D\_n257J                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42D\_n257K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42D\_n257L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42D\_n257M                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42E\_n257A                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42E\_n257D                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42E\_n257E                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42E\_n257F                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42E\_n257G                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42E\_n257H                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42E\_n257I                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42E\_n257J                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42E\_n257K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42E\_n257L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_42E\_n257M                                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_48A\_n257A                                 | DC\_48A\_n257A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48C\_n257A                                 | DC\_48C\_n257A     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_48A-48A\_n257A                             | DC\_48A\_n257A     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_48A\_n260A                                 | DC\_48A\_n260A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n260G                                 | DC\_48C\_n260A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n260H                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n260I                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n260J                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n260K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n260L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n260M                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48C\_n260A                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48D\_n260A                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n260(2A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48C\_n260(2A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48D\_n260(2A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n260(3A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48C\_n260(3A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48D\_n260(3A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n260(4A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48C\_n260(4A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48D\_n260(4A)                              |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_48A-48A\_n260A                             | DC\_48A\_n260A     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_48A\_n261A                                 | DC\_48A\_n261A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261G                                 | DC\_48A\_n261G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261H                                 | DC\_48A\_n261H     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261I                                 | DC\_48A\_n261I     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261J                                 | DC\_48C\_n261A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261M                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48C\_n261A                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48D\_n261A                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(A-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(A-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(A-I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(A-J)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(A-K)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(G-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(G-I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(G-J)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(H-I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(2A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48C\_n261(2A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48D\_n261(2A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(3A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(2A-G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(2A-H)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(2A-I)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(2G)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(2H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(4A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_48A\_n261(3A-G)                            |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n257A                                 | DC\_66A\_n257A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n257G                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n257H                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n257I                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n257J                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n257K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n257L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n257M                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66C\_n257A                                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n257(2A)                              | DC\_66A\_n257A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n257A                             |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n258A                                 | DC\_66A\_n258A     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n258(2A)                              | DC\_66A\_n258A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n258(3A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n258(4A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n258(5A)                              |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n260A                                 | DC\_66A\_n260A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260D                                 | DC\_66A\_n260G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260E                                 | DC\_66A\_n260H     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260F                                 | DC\_66A\_n260O     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260G                                 | DC\_66A\_n260P     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260H                                 | DC\_66A\_n260Q     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260I                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260J                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260M                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260O                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260P                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260Q                                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A)                              | DC\_66A\_n260A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(3A)                              | DC\_66A\_n260G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(4A)                              | DC\_66A\_n260H\    |
|                                                | DC\_66A\_n260I     |
| DC\_66A\_n260(5A)                              |                    |
|                                                | DC\_66A\_n260O     |
| DC\_66A\_n260(6A)                              |                    |
|                                                | DC\_66A\_n260P     |
| DC\_66A\_n260(7A)                              |                    |
|                                                | DC\_66A\_n260Q     |
| DC\_66A\_n260(8A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(9A)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(10A)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(D-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(D-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(D-I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(D-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(D-P)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(D-Q)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(E-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(E-P)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(E-Q)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(G-I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2G)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2O)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(3O)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(4O)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2P)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(3P)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(4P)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-2O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-2G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-2G)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2G-O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-2G-O)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-2H)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-H)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-2H)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-2O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-3O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-4O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-4O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(3A-2O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(3A-2G)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(4A-G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(4A-2G)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(4A-O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(4A-2O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(G-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-G-O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-G-O)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-2G-O)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-3O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(3A-O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(3A-O-P)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(3A-P)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(3A-G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2D)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(3G)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(4G)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-D)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-D)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-D-O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-D-O)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(D-2O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-D-2O)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-D-2O)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-O-P)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-2D)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-2D)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-P)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-P-Q)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-P)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-2P)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-2P)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(3A-3O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(D-2G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2D-O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(G-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(G-2O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2G-2O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(G-3O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2G-3O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(G-4O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2G-4O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(3G-O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(4G-O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(H-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2H-O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-2G-2O)                        |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(6A-2O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(8A-2O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-2O-2P)                        |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(6A-3O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(4A-4O)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(6A-2P)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2O-2P)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-4P)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-2Q-2O)                        |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(4A-2Q)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(2A-2O-2Q)                        |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-Q)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(P-Q)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260A                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260G                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260H                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260I                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260J                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260K                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260L                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260M                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(A-O-P)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n260(O-P)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260(2A)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260(2G)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260(2H)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260(3A)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260(4A)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260(5A)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260(6A)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260(A-G)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260(A-H)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260(A-2G)                        |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260(G-H)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260(2A-G)                        |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260(2A-2G)                       |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n260(3A-G)                        |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n261A                                 | DC\_66A\_n261A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261D                                 | DC\_66A\_n261G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261E                                 | DC\_66A\_n261H     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261F                                 | DC\_66A\_n261I     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261G                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261H                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261I                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261J                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261K                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261L                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261M                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261O                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261P                                 |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261Q                                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n261(2A)                              | DC\_66A\_n261A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(3A)                              | DC\_66A\_n261G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(4A)                              | DC\_66A\_n261H     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(2G)                              | DC\_66A\_n261I     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(D-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(D-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(D-I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(D-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(D-P)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(D-Q)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(E-O)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(E-P)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(E-Q)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(2H)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(2I)                              |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-J)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-K)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-D)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-D-H)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-G)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-G-H)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(G-I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(G-J)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-G-I)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-H-I)                           |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(G-H)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(H-I)                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-D-2O)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-2D)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-2G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-2G-2O)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-3G-O)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-4G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-2H)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-2I)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-4O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-7O)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-2P)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(A-2Q)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(2A-G)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(2A-H)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(2A-I)                            |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A\_n261(3A-G)                            |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261A                             | DC\_66A\_n261A     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261G                             | DC\_66A\_n261G     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261H                             | DC\_66A\_n261H     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261I                             | DC\_66A\_n261I     |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261J                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261K                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261L                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261M                             |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(2A)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(2G)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(3A)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(4A)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(A-G)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(A-G-H)                       |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(A-G-I)                       |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(A-2G)                        |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(A-H)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(A-I)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(A-J)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(A-K)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(G-H)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(G-I)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(G-J)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(H-I)                         |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(2H)                          |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(2A-G)                        |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(2A-H)                        |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(2A-I)                        |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| DC\_66A-66A\_n261(3A-G)                        |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_71A\_n257A                                 | DC\_71A\_n257A     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_71A\_n258A                                 | DC\_71A\_n258A     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_71A\_n260A                                 | DC\_71A\_n260A     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| DC\_71A\_n261A                                 | DC\_71A\_n261A     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC configurations are the    |                    |
| configurations supported by the present        |                    |
| release of specifications.                     |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE supporting           |                    |
| inter-band EN-DC with mandatory simultaneous   |                    |
| Rx/Tx capability for all of the above          |                    |
| combinations                                   |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+

#### 5.5B.5.2 Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR2 (three bands)

Table 5.5B.5.2-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR2 (three
bands)

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| EN-DC configuration              | Uplink EN-DC configuration (NOTE |
|                                  | 1)                               |
+==================================+==================================+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n257A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n257D^2^              | DC\_1A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n257E^2^              | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n257F^2^              | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n257G                 | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n257H                 | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n257I                 | DC\_3A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n257J                 | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n257K                 | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n257L                 | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n257M                 | DC\_3A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n257A                 | DC\_3A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n257D                 | DC\_3A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n257E                 | DC\_3A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n257F                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n257G                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n257H                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n257I                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n257J                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n257K                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n257L                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C\_n257M                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A\_n257A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n257D                 | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n257E                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n257F                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n257G                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n257H                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n257I                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n257J                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n257K                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n257L                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n257M                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n257A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n257D                 | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n257E                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n257F                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n257G                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n257H                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n257I                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n257J                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n257K                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n257L                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n257M                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n257A^2^           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n257D              | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n257E              | DC\_7A-7A\_n257A                 |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n257F              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n257G              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n257H              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n257I              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n257J              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n257K              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n257L              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n257M              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A\_n257A^2^              | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n257D                 | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n257E                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n257F                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n257G                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n257H                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n257I                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n257J                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n257K                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n257L                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n257M                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-11A\_n257A                | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-11A\_n257D                | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-11A\_n257G                | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-11A\_n257H                | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-11A\_n257I                | DC\_11A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A-n257I                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A\_n257D                | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A\_n257E                | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A\_n257F                | DC\_1A\_-n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A\_n257G                | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A\_n257H                | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A\_n257I                | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A\_n257J                | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A\_n257K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A\_n257L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A\_n257M                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n257D^2^             | DC\_1A\_257D                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n257E^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n257F^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n257G                | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n257H                | DC\_1A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n257I                | DC\_1A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n257J                | DC\_1A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n257K                | DC\_1A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n257L                | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n257M                | DC\_19A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n257D^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n257E^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n257F^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n257G                | DC\_1A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n257H                | DC\_1A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n257I                | DC\_1A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n257J                | DC\_1A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n257K                | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n257L                | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n257M                | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257M                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n257D^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n257E^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n257F^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n257G^2^             | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n257H^2^             | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n257I^2^             | DC\_28A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n257A                | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n257D                | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n257E                | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n257F                | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n257G                | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n257H                | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n257I                | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n257J                | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n257K                | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n257L                | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n257M                | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n257A                | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n257D                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n257E                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n257F                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n257G                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n257H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n257I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n257J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n257K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n257L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n257M                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n257A                | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n257D                | DC\_1A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n257E                | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n257F                | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n257G                | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n257H                | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n257I                | DC\_1A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n257J                | DC\_1A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n257K                | DC\_1A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n257L                | DC\_1A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n257M                | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n257A                | DC\_42A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n257D                | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n257E                | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n257F                | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n257G                | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n257H                | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n257I                | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n257J                | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n257K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n257L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n257M                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n257A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n257D                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n257E                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n257F                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n257G                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n257H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n257I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n257J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n257K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n257L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42D\_n257M                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n257A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n257D                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n257E                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n257F                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n257G                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n257H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n257I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n257J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n257K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n257L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42E\_n257M                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A\_n257A^2^              | DC\_2A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A\_n260A                 | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n260G                 | DC\_5A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n260H                 | DC\_2A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n260I                 | DC\_5A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n260J                 | DC\_2A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n260K                 | DC\_5A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n260L                 | DC\_2A\_n260I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n260M                 | DC\_5A\_n260I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-5A\_n260A              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-5A\_n260G              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-5A\_n260H              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-5A\_n260I              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-5A\_n260J              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-5A\_n260K              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-5A\_n260L              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-5A\_n260M              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261A                 | DC\_2A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261G                 | DC\_5A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261H                 | DC\_2A\_n261G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261I                 | DC\_5A\_n261G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261J                 | DC\_2A\_n261H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261K                 | DC\_5A\_n261H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261L                 | DC\_2A\_n261I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261M                 | DC\_5A\_n261I                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261(A-G)             | DC\_2A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261(A-H)             | DC\_5A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261(A-J)             | DC\_2A\_n261G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261(A-K)             | DC\_5A\_n261G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261(2A-G)            | DC\_2A\_n261H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261(2A-H)            | DC\_5A\_n261H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261(2A-I)            | DC\_2A\_n261I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261(3A-G)            | DC\_5A\_n261I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261(G-H)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261(G-I)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261(G-J)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261(2G)              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261(2H)              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A\_n261(H-I)             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A\_n260A                | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A\_n260G                | DC\_12A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A\_n260H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A\_n260I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A\_n260J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A\_n260K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A\_n260L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A\_n260M                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-12A\_n260A             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-12A\_n260G             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-12A\_n260H             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-12A\_n260I             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-12A\_n260J             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-12A\_n260K             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-12A\_n260L             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-12A\_n260M             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_2A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260A^2^             | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260G                | DC\_13A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260H                | DC\_2A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260I                | DC\_13A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260J                | DC\_2A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260K                | DC\_13A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260L                | DC\_2A\_n260I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260M                | DC\_13A\_n260I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260(2A)             | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260(3A)             | DC\_13A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260(4A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260(5A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260(6A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260(2G)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260(2H)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260(A-G)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260(A-H)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260(A-2G)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260(2A-G)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260(2A-2G)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260(3A-G)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n260(G-H)            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261A                | DC\_2A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261G                | DC\_13A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261H                | DC\_2A\_n261G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261I                | DC\_13A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261J                | DC\_2A\_n261H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261K                | DC\_13A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261M                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(2A)             | DC\_2A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(3A)             | DC\_13A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(4A)             | DC\_2A\_n261G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(2G)             | DC\_13A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(2H)             | DC\_2A\_n261H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(A-G)            | DC\_13A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(A-H)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(A-I)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(A-J)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(A-K)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(A-2G)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(A-G-H)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(A-G-I)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(2A-G)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(2A-H)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(2A-I)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(3A-G)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(G-H)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(G-I)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(G-J)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A\_n261(H-I)            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-14A\_n260A                | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A\_n260G                | DC\_2A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A\_n260H                | DC\_2A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A\_n260I                | DC\_2A\_n260I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A\_n260J                | DC\_2A\_n260J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A\_n260K                | DC\_2A\_n260K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A\_n260L                | DC\_2A\_n260L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A\_n260M                | DC\_2A\_n260M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-14A\_n260A             | DC\_14A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-14A\_n260G             | DC\_14A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-14A\_n260H             | DC\_14A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-14A\_n260I             | DC\_14A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-14A\_n260J             | DC\_14A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-14A\_n260K             | DC\_14A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-14A\_n260L             | DC\_14A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-14A\_n260M             | DC\_14A\_n260M                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-29A\_n260A                | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-29A\_n260G                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-29A\_n260H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-29A\_n260I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-29A\_n260J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-29A\_n260K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-29A\_n260L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-29A\_n260M                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-30A\_n260A                | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A\_n260G                | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A\_n260H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A\_n260I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A\_n260J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A\_n260K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A\_n260L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A\_n260M                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-30A\_n260A             | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-30A\_n260G             | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-30A\_n260H             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-30A\_n260I             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-30A\_n260J             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-30A\_n260K             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-30A\_n260L             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-30A\_n260M             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A\_n258A                | DC\_2A\_n258A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n258A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n258A                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A\_n258(2A)             | DC\_2A\_n258A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46A\_n258(3A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46A\_n258(4A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46A\_n258(5A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n258(2A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n258(3A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n258(4A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n258(5A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n258(2A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n258(3A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n258(4A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n258(5A)             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A\_n260A                | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n260A                | DC\_2A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n260A                | DC\_2A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46E\_n260A                | DC\_2A\_n260I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46A\_n260G                | DC\_2A\_n260J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n260G                | DC\_2A\_n260K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n260G                | DC\_2A\_n260L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46E\_n260G                | DC\_2A\_n260M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46A\_n260H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n260H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n260H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46E\_n260H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46A\_n260I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n260I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n260I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46E\_n260I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46A\_n260J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n260J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n260J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46E\_n260J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46A\_n260K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n260K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n260K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46E\_n260K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46A\_n260L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n260L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n260L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46E\_n260L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46A\_n260M                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n260M                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n260M                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46E\_n260M                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-46A\_n260A             | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46C\_n260A             | DC\_2A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46D\_n260A             | DC\_2A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46E\_n260A             | DC\_2A\_n260I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46A\_n260G             | DC\_2A\_n260J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46C\_n260G             | DC\_2A\_n260K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46D\_n260G             | DC\_2A\_n260L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46E\_n260G             | DC\_2A\_n260M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46A\_n260H             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46C\_n260H             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46D\_n260H             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46E\_n260H             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46A\_n260I             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46C\_n260I             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46D\_n260I             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46E\_n260I             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46A\_n260J             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46C\_n260J             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46D\_n260J             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46E\_n260J             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46A\_n260K             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46C\_n260K             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46D\_n260K             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46E\_n260K             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46A\_n260L             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46C\_n260L             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46D\_n260L             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46E\_n260L             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46A\_n260M             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46C\_n260M             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46D\_n260M             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-46E\_n260M             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A\_n261A                | DC\_2A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n261A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n261A                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46A\_n261(2A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C\_n261(2A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D\_n261(2A)             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_2A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n257(2A)             | DC\_66A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260A                | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260G                | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260H                | DC\_2A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260I                | DC\_66A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260J                | DC\_2A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260K                | DC\_66A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260L                | DC\_2A\_n260I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260M                | DC\_66A\_n260I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260(2A)             | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260(3A)             | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260(4A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260(5A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260(6A)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260(2G)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260(2H)             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260(A-G)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260(A-H)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260(A-2G)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260(2A-G)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260(2A-2G)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260(3A-G)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n260(G-H)            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n260A             | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n260G             | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n260H             | DC\_2A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n260I             | DC\_66A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n260J             | DC\_2A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n260K             | DC\_66A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n260L             | DC\_2A\_n260I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-66A\_n260M             | DC\_66A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n260A            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n260G            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n260H            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n260I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n260J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n260K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n260L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n260M            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261A                | DC\_2A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261G                | DC\_66A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261H                | DC\_2A\_n261G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261I                | DC\_66A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261J                | DC\_2A\_n261H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261K                | DC\_66A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261L                | DC\_2A\_n261I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261M                | DC\_66A\_n261I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261A            | DC\_2A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261G            | DC\_66A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261H            | DC\_2A\_n261G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261I            | DC\_66A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261J            | DC\_2A\_n261H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261K            | DC\_66A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261L            | DC\_2A\_n261I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261M            | DC\_66A\_n261I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(2A)             | DC\_2A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(3A)             | DC\_66A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(4A)             | DC\_2A\_n261G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(2G)             | DC\_66A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(2H)             | DC\_2A\_n261H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(A-G)            | DC\_66A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(A-H)            | DC\_2A\_n261I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(A-I)            | DC\_66A\_n261I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(A-J)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(A-K)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(A-2G)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(A-G-H)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(A-G-I)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(2A-G)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(2A-H)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(2A-I)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(3A-G)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(G-H)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(G-I)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(G-J)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n261(H-I)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261(A-G)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261(A-H)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261(A-J)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261(A-K)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261(2A-G)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261(2A-H)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261(2A-I)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261(3A-G)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261(2G)         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261(G-H)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261(G-I)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261(G-J)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261(2H)         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A-66A\_n261(H-I)        |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n257A              | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n257D              | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n257E              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n257F              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n257G              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n257H              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n257I              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n257J              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n257K              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n257L              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n257M              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n257A           | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n257D           | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n257E           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n257F           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n257G           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n257H           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n257I           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n257J           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n257K           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n257L           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n257M           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A\_n257A^2^              | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n257D                 | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n257E                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n257F                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n257G                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n257H                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n257I                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n257J                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n257K                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n257L                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n257M                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n257A^2^              | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n257D                 | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n257E                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n257F                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n257G                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n257H                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n257I                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n257J                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n257K                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n257L                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n257M                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n257A^2^           | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n257D              | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n257E              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n257F              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n257G              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n257H              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n257I              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n257J              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n257K              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n257L              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n257M              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-8A\_n257A                 | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n257D                 | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n257E                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n257F                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n257G                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n257H                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n257I                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n257J                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n257K                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n257L                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n257M                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-18A\_n257A                | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A\_n257D                | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A\_n257E                | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A\_n257F                | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A\_n257G                | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A\_n257H                | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A\_n257I                | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A\_n257J                | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A\_n257K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A\_n257L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A\_n257M                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n257D^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n257E^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n257F^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n257G                | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n257H                | DC\_3A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n257I                | DC\_3A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n257J                | DC\_3A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n257K                | DC\_3A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n257L                | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n257M                | DC\_19A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n257D^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n257E^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n257F^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n257G                | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n257H                | DC\_3A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n257I                | DC\_3A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n257J                | DC\_3A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n257K                | DC\_3A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n257L                | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n257M                | DC\_21A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n257D^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n257E^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n257F^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n257G                | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n257H                | DC\_3A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n257I                | DC\_3A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n257J                | DC\_3A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n257K                | DC\_3A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n257L                | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n257M                | DC\_28A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A\_n257A                | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n257D                | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n257E                | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n257F                | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n257G                | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n257H                | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n257I                | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n257J                | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n257K                | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n257L                | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n257M                | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n257A                | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n257D                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n257E                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n257F                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n257G                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n257H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n257I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n257J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n257K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n257L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n257M                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n257A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n257D^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n257E^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n257F^2^             | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n257G                | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n257H                | DC\_3A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n257I                | DC\_3A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n257J                | DC\_3A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n257K                | DC\_3A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n257L                | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n257M                | DC\_42A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n257A^2^             | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n257D^2^             | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n257E^2^             | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n257F^2^             | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n257G                | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n257H                | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n257I                | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n257J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n257K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n257L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n257M                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n257A^2^             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n257D                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n257E                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n257F                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n257G                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n257H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n257I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n257J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n257K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n257L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42D\_n257M                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n257A^2^             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n257D                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n257E                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n257F                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n257G                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n257H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n257I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n257J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n257K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n257L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42E\_n257M                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-7A\_n257A^2^              | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n257D                 | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n257E                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n257F                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n257G                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n257H                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n257I                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n257J                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n257K                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n257L                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n257M                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n257A              | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n257D              | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n257E              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n257F              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n257G              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n257H              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n257I              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n257J              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n257K              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n257L              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n257M              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-30A\_n260A                | DC\_5A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A\_n260G                | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A\_n260H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A\_n260I                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A\_n260J                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A\_n260K                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A\_n260L                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A\_n260M                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-66A\_n260A                | DC\_5A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n260G                | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n260H                | DC\_5A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n260I                | DC\_66A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n260J                | DC\_5A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n260K                | DC\_66A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n260L                | DC\_5A\_n260I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n260M                | DC\_66A\_n260I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n260A            | DC\_5A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n260G            | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n260H            | DC\_5A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n260I            | DC\_66A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n260J            | DC\_5A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n260K            | DC\_66A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n260L            | DC\_5A\_n260I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n260M            | DC\_66A\_n260I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261A                | DC\_5A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261G                | DC\_66A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261H                | DC\_5A\_n261G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261I                | DC\_66A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261J                | DC\_5A\_n261H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261K                | DC\_66A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261L                | DC\_5A\_n261I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261M                | DC\_66A\_n261I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261A            | DC\_5A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261G            | DC\_66A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261H            | DC\_5A\_n261G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261I            | DC\_66A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261J            | DC\_5A\_n261H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261K            | DC\_66A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261L            | DC\_5A\_n261I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261M            | DC\_66A\_n261I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261(2G)             | DC\_5A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261(2H)             | DC\_66A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261(A-G)            | DC\_5A\_n261G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261(A-H)            | DC\_66A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261(A-J)            | DC\_5A\_n261H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261(A-K)            | DC\_66A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261(2A-G)           | DC\_5A\_n261I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261(2A-H)           | DC\_66A\_n261I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261(2A-I)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261(3A-G)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261(G-H)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261(G-I)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261(G-J)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A\_n261(H-I)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261(A-G)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261(A-H)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261(A-J)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261(A-K)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261(2A-G)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261(2A-H)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261(2A-I)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261(3A-G)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261(2G)         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261(G-H)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261(G-I)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261(G-J)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261(2H)         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-66A-66A\_n261(H-I)        |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A-11A\_n257A                | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A-11A\_n257D                | DC\_11A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A-11A\_n257G                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A-11A\_n257H                |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A-11A\_n257I                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_11A-18A\_n257A               | DC\_11A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_11A-18A\_n257G               | DC\_11A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_11A-18A\_n257H               | DC\_11A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_11A-18A\_n257I               | DC\_11A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-30A\_n260A               | DC\_12A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A\_n260G               | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A\_n260H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A\_n260I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A\_n260J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A\_n260K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A\_n260L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A\_n260M               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-66A\_n260A               | DC\_12A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A\_n260G               | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A\_n260H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A\_n260I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A\_n260J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A\_n260K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A\_n260L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A\_n260M               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-66A-66A\_n260A           | DC\_12A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A-66A\_n260G           | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A-66A\_n260H           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A-66A\_n260I           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A-66A\_n260J           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A-66A\_n260K           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A-66A\_n260L           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-66A-66A\_n260M           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-66A\_n257A^2^            | DC\_13A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260A           | DC\_13A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260G           | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260H           | DC\_13A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260I           | DC\_66A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260J           | DC\_13A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260K           | DC\_66A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260L           | DC\_13A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260M           | DC\_66A\_n260I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260A               | DC\_13A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260G               | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260H               | DC\_13A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260I               | DC\_66A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260J               | DC\_13A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260K               | DC\_66A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260L               | DC\_13A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260M               | DC\_66A\_n260I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260(2A)            | DC\_13A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260(3A)            | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260(4A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260(5A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260(6A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260(2G)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260(2H)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260(A-G)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260(A-H)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260(A-2G)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260(2A-G)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260(2A-2G)         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260(3A-G)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n260(G-H)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260(2A)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260(3A)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260(4A)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260(5A)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260(6A)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260(2G)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260(2H)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260(A-G)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260(A-H)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260(A-2G)      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260(2A-G)      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260(2A-2G)     |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260(3A-G)      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n260(G-H)       |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261A           | DC\_13A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261G           | DC\_66A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261H           | DC\_13A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261I           | DC\_66A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261J           | DC\_13A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261K           | DC\_66A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261L           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261M           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261A               | DC\_13A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261G               | DC\_66A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261H               | DC\_13A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261I               | DC\_66A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261J               | DC\_13A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261K               | DC\_66A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261M               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(2A)            | DC\_13A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(3A)            | DC\_66A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(4A)            | DC\_13A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(2G)            | DC\_66A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(2H)            | DC\_13A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(A-G)           | DC\_66A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(A-H)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(A-I)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(A-J)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(A-K)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(A-2G)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(A-G-H)         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(A-G-I)         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(2A-G)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(2A-H)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(2A-I)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(3A-G)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(G-H)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(G-I)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(G-J)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A\_n261(H-I)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(2A)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(3A)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(4A)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(2G)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(2H)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(A-G)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(A-H)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(A-I)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(A-J)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(A-K)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(A-2G)      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(A-G-H)     |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(A-G-I)     |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(2A-G)      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(2A-H)      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(2A-I)      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(3A-G)      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(G-H)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(G-I)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(G-J)       |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_13A-66A-66A\_n261(H-I)       |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_14A-30A\_n260A               | DC\_14A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A\_n260G               | DC\_14A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A\_n260H               | DC\_14A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A\_n260I               | DC\_14A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A\_n260J               | DC\_14A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A\_n260K               | DC\_14A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A\_n260L               | DC\_14A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A\_n260M               | DC\_14A\_n260M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260M                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_14A-66A\_n260A               | DC\_14A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-66A\_n260G               | DC\_14A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-66A\_n260H               | DC\_14A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-66A\_n260I               | DC\_14A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-66A\_n260J               | DC\_14A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-66A\_n260K               | DC\_14A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-66A\_n260L               | DC\_14A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-66A\_n260M               | DC\_14A\_n260M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-66A-66A\_n260A           | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-66A-66A\_n260G           | DC\_66A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-66A-66A\_n260H           | DC\_66A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-66A-66A\_n260I           | DC\_66A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-66A-66A\_n260J           | DC\_66A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-66A-66A\_n260K           | DC\_66A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-66A-66A\_n260L           | DC\_66A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-66A-66A\_n260M           | DC\_66A\_n260M                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-28A\_n257A^2^            | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-42A\_n257A               | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42A\_n257D               | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42A\_n257E               | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42A\_n257F               | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42A\_n257G               | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42A\_n257H               | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42A\_n257I               | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42A\_n257J               | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42A\_n257K               | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42A\_n257L               | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42A\_n257M               | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n257A               | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n257D               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n257E               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n257F               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n257G               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n257H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n257I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n257J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n257K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n257L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n257M               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-41A\_n257A               | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41A\_n257G               | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41A\_n257H               | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41A\_n257I               | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41C\_n257A               | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41C\_n257G               | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41C\_n257H               | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41C\_n257I               | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A\_n257A^2^            | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n257D^2^            | DC\_19A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n257E^2^            | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n257F^2^            | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n257G               | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n257H               | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n257I               | DC\_21A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n257J               | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n257K               | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n257L               | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n257M               | DC\_21A\_n257J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257M                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-42A\_n257A^2^            | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n257D^2^            | DC\_19A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n257E^2^            | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n257F^2^            | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n257G^2^            | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n257H^2^            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n257I^2^            | DC\_42A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n257A^2^            | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n257G^2^            | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n257H^2^            | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n257I^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42D\_n257D^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42D\_n257E^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42D\_n257F^2^            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-28A\_n257A^2^            | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-28A\_n257D^2^            | DC\_21A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-28A\_n257E^2^            | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-28A\_n257F^2^            | DC\_28A\_n257D                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-42A\_n257A^2^            | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n257D^2^            | DC\_21A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n257E^2^            | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n257F^2^            | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n257G               | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n257H               | DC\_21A\_n257J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n257I               | DC\_21A\_n257K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n257J               | DC\_21A\_n257L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n257K               | DC\_21A\_n257M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n257L               | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n257M               | DC\_42A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n257A^2^            | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n257G               | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n257H               | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n257I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n257J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n257K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n257L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n257M               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n257A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n257D               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n257E               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n257F               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n257G               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n257H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n257I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n257J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n257K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n257L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42D\_n257M               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n257A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n257D               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n257E               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n257F               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n257G               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n257H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n257I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n257J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n257K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n257L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42E\_n257M               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-41A\_n257A               | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A\_n257G               | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A\_n257H               | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A\_n257I               | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C\_n257A               | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C\_n257G               | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C\_n257H               | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C\_n257I               | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-42A\_n257A^2^            | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42A\_n257D^2^            | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42A\_n257G^2^            | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42A\_n257H^2^            | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42A\_n257I^2^            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42C\_n257A^2^            | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42C\_n257D^2^            | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42C\_n257G^2^            | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42C\_n257H^2^            | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42C\_n257I^2^            | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_29A-30A\_n260A               | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_29A-30A\_n260G               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_29A-30A\_n260H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_29A-30A\_n260I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_29A-30A\_n260J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_29A-30A\_n260K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_29A-30A\_n260L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_29A-30A\_n260M               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_30A-66A\_n260A               | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A\_n260G               | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A\_n260H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A\_n260I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A\_n260J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A\_n260K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A\_n260L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A\_n260M               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_30A-66A-66A\_n260A           | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A-66A\_n260G           | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A-66A\_n260H           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A-66A\_n260I           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A-66A\_n260J           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A-66A\_n260K           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A-66A\_n260L           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_30A-66A-66A\_n260M           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_41A-42A\_n257A               | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42A\_n257D               | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42A\_n257E               | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42A\_n257F               | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42A\_n257G               | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42A\_n257H               | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42A\_n257I               | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42A\_n257J               | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42A\_n257K               | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42A\_n257L               | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42A\_n257M               | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n257A               | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n257D               | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n257E               | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n257F               | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n257G               | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n257H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n257I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n257J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n257K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n257L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n257M               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n257A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n257D               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n257E               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n257F               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n257G               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n257H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n257I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n257J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n257K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n257L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n257M               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n257A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n257D               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n257E               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n257F               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n257G               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n257H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n257I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n257J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n257K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n257L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n257M               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_46A-48A\_n260A               | DC\_48A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48A\_n260A               | DC\_48C\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48A\_n260A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-48C\_n260A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-48D\_n260A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48C\_n260A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48D\_n260A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48C\_n260A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48D\_n260A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-48A\_n260(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48A\_n260(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48A\_n260(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-48C\_n260(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-48D\_n260(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48C\_n260(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48D\_n260(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48C\_n260(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48D\_n260(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-48A\_n260(3A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48A\_n260(3A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48A\_n260(3A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-48C\_n260(3A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-48D\_n260(3A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48C\_n260(3A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48D\_n260(3A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48C\_n260(3A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48D\_n260(3A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-48A\_n260(4A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48A\_n260(4A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48A\_n260(4A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-48C\_n260(4A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-48D\_n260(4A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48C\_n260(4A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48D\_n260(4A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48C\_n260(4A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48D\_n260(4A)            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_46A-48A\_n261A               | DC\_48A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48A\_n261A               | DC\_48C\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48A\_n261A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-48C\_n261A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-48D\_n261A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48C\_n261A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48D\_n261A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48C\_n261A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48D\_n261A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-48A\_n261(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48A\_n261(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48A\_n261(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-48C\_n261(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-48D\_n261(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48C\_n261(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-48D\_n261(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48C\_n261(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-48D\_n261(2A)            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_46A-66A\_n258A               | DC\_66A\_n258A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n258A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n258A               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_46A-66A\_n258(2A)            | DC\_66A\_n258A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-66A\_n258(3A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-66A\_n258(4A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-66A\_n258(5A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n258(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n258(3A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n258(4A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n258(5A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n258(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n258(3A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n258(4A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n258(5A)            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_46A-66A\_n260A               | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n260A               | DC\_66A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n260A               | DC\_66A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46E-66A\_n260A               | DC\_66A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-66A\_n260G               | DC\_66A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n260G               | DC\_66A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n260G               | DC\_66A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46E-66A\_n260G               | DC\_66A\_n260M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-66A\_n260H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n260H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n260H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46E-66A\_n260H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-66A\_n260I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n260I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n260I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46E-66A\_n260I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-66A\_n260J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n260J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n260J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46E-66A\_n260J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-66A\_n260K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n260K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n260K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46E-66A\_n260K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-66A\_n260L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n260L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n260L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46E-66A\_n260L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-66A\_n260M               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n260M               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n260M               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46E-66A\_n260M               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_46A-66A\_n260(2A)            | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n260(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n260(2A)            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_46A-66A\_n261A               | DC\_66A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n261A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n261A               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46A-66A\_n261(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46C-66A\_n261(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_46D-66A\_n261(2A)            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC             |                                  |
| configurations are the           |                                  |
| configurations supported by the  |                                  |
| present release of               |                                  |
| specifications.                  |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE        |                                  |
| supporting inter-band EN-DC with |                                  |
| mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx     |                                  |
| capability for all of the above  |                                  |
| combinations.                    |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 5.5B.5.3 Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR2 (four bands)

Table 5.5B.5.3-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR2 (four
bands)

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| EN-DC configuration              | Uplink EN-DC configuration (NOTE |
|                                  | 1)                               |
+==================================+==================================+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n257A^2^           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n257D              | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n257E              | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n257F              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n257G              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n257H              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n257I              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n257J              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n257K              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n257L              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n257M              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n257A^2^           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n257D              | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n257E              | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n257F              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n257G              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n257H              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n257I              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n257J              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n257K              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n257L              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n257M              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-7A\_n257A           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n257A              | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n257D              | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n257E              | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n257F              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n257G              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n257H              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n257I              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n257J              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n257K              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n257L              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n257M              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n257A              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n257D              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n257E              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n257F              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n257G              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n257H              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n257I              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n257J              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n257K              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n257L              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n257M              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n257A             | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n257D             | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n257E             | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n257F             | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n257G             | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n257H             | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n257I             | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n257J             | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n257K             | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n257L             | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n257M             | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n257A^2^          | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n257G             | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n257H             | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n257I             | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n257J             | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n257K             | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n257L             | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A\_n257M             | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n257A^2^          | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n257G             | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n257H             | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n257I             | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n257J             | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n257K             | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n257L             | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n257M             | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n257A^2^          | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n257G             | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n257H             | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n257I             | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n257J             | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n257K             | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n257L             | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n257M             | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n257A             | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n257D             | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n257E             | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n257F             | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n257G             | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n257H             | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n257I             | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n257J             | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n257K             | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n257L             | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n257M             | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n257A             | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n257D             | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n257E             | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n257F             | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n257G             | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n257H             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n257I             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n257J             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n257K             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n257L             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n257M             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n257A             | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n257G             | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n257H             | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n257I             | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n257J             | DC\_1A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n257K             | DC\_1A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n257L             | DC\_1A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n257M             | DC\_1A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n257A             | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n257D             | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n257E             | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n257F             | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n257G             | DC\_3A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n257H             | DC\_3A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n257I             | DC\_3A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n257J             | DC\_3A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n257K             | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n257L             | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n257M             | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42D\_n257A             | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42D\_n257G             | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42D\_n257H             | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42D\_n257I             | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42D\_n257J             | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42D\_n257K             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42D\_n257L             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42D\_n257M             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n257A^2^           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n257D              | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n257E              | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n257F              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n257G              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n257H              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n257I              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n257J              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n257K              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n257L              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n257M              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n257A           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n257D           | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n257E           | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n257F           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n257G           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n257H           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n257I           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n257J           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n257K           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n257L           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n257M           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n257A             | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n257D             | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n257G             | DC\_11A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n257H             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n257I             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-11A-18A\_n257A            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-11A-18A\_n257G            | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-11A-18A\_n257H            | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-11A-18A\_n257I            | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-28A\_n257A^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-41A\_n257A            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-41A\_n257G            | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-41A\_n257H            | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-41A\_n257I            | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-41C\_n257A            | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-41C\_n257G            | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-41C\_n257H            | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-41C\_n257I            | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n257D            | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n257E            | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n257F            | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n257G            | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n257H            | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n257I            | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n257J            | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n257K            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n257L            | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n257M            | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n257D            | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n257E            | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n257F            | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n257G            | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n257H            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n257I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n257J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n257K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n257L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n257M            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n257A            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n257D            | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n257E            | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n257F            | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n257G            | DC\_1A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n257H            | DC\_1A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n257I            | DC\_1A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n257J            | DC\_1A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n257K            | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n257L            | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A\_n257M            | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257M                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n257D            | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n257E            | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n257F            | DC\_1A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n257G            | DC\_1A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n257H            | DC\_1A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n257I            | DC\_1A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n257J            | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n257K            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n257L            | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n257M            | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n257G            | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n257H            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n257I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n257J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n257K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n257L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n257M            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-28A\_n257A^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n257G            | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n257H            | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n257I            | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n257J            | DC\_1A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n257K            | DC\_1A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n257L            | DC\_1A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n257M            | DC\_1A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n257D            | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n257E            | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n257F            | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n257G            | DC\_21A\_n257J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n257H            | DC\_21A\_n257K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n257I            | DC\_21A\_n257L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n257J            | DC\_21A\_n257M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n257K            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n257L            | DC\_42A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n257M            | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42D\_n257A            | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42D\_n257D            | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42D\_n257E            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42D\_n257F            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42A\_n257D            | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42A\_n257G            | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42A\_n257H            | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42A\_n257I            | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42C\_n257D            | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42C\_n257G            | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42C\_n257H            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42C\_n257I            | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n257D            | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n257E            | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n257F            | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n257G            | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n257H            | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n257I            | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n257J            | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n257K            | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n257L            | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n257M            | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n257D            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n257E            | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n257F            | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n257G            | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n257H            | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n257I            | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n257J            | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n257K            | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n257L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n257M            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n257A            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n257D            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n257E            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n257F            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n257G            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n257H            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n257I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n257J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n257K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n257L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n257M            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n257A            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n257D            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n257E            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n257F            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n257G            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n257H            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n257I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n257J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n257K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n257L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n257M            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A-30A\_n260A             | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A-30A\_n260G             | DC\_5A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A-30A\_n260H             | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A-30A\_n260I             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A-30A\_n260J             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A-30A\_n260K             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A-30A\_n260L             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A-30A\_n260M             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-5A-30A\_n260A          | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_5A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A-66A\_n260A             | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A-66A\_n260G             | DC\_5A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A-66A\_n260H             | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A-66A\_n260I             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A-66A\_n260J             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A-66A\_n260K             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A-66A\_n260L             |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A-66A\_n260M             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-5A-66A\_n260A          | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-5A-66A-66A\_n260A         | DC\_5A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A-30A\_n260A            | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A-30A\_n260G            | DC\_12A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A-30A\_n260H            | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A-30A\_n260I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A-30A\_n260J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A-30A\_n260K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A-30A\_n260L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A-30A\_n260M            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-12A-30A\_n260A         | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_12A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A-66A\_n260A            | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A-66A\_n260G            | DC\_12A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A-66A\_n260H            | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A-66A\_n260I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A-66A\_n260J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A-66A\_n260K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A-66A\_n260L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A-66A\_n260M            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-12A-66A\_n260A         | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-12A-66A-66A\_n260A        | DC\_12A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260A            | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260G            | DC\_2A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260H            | DC\_2A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260I            | DC\_2A\_n260I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260J            | DC\_2A\_n260J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260K            | DC\_2A\_n260K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260L            | DC\_2A\_n260L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260M            | DC\_2A\_n260M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n260M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260M                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260(A-G)        | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260(A-H)        | DC\_2A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260(A-2G)       | DC\_2A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260(2A)         | DC\_13A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260(2A-G)       | DC\_13A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260(2A-2G)      | DC\_13A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260(3A)         | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260(3A-G)       | DC\_66A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260(4A)         | DC\_66A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260(5A)         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260(6A)         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260(G-H)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260(2G)         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n260(2H)         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261A            | DC\_2A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261G            | DC\_2A\_n261G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261H            | DC\_2A\_n261H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261I            | DC\_2A\_n261I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261J            | DC\_2A\_n261J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261K            | DC\_2A\_n261K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261L            | DC\_2A\_n261L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261M            | DC\_2A\_n261M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n261I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n261J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n261K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n261L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_13A\_n261M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n261I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n261J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n261K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n261L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n261M                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(A-G)        | DC\_2A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(A-G-H)      | DC\_2A\_n261G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(A-G-I)      | DC\_2A\_n261H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(A-2G)       | DC\_2A\_n261I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(A-H)        | DC\_2A\_n261J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(A-I)        | DC\_2A\_n261K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(A-J)        | DC\_13A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(A-K)        | DC\_13A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(2A)         | DC\_13A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(2A-G)       | DC\_13A\_n261I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(2A-H)       | DC\_13A\_n261J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(2A-I)       | DC\_13A\_n261K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(3A)         | DC\_66A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(3A-G)       | DC\_66A\_n261G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(4A)         | DC\_66A\_n261H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(G-H)        | DC\_66A\_n261I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(G-I)        | DC\_66A\_n261J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(G-J)        | DC\_66A\_n261K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(2G)         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(H-I)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-13A-66A\_n261(2H)         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-14A-30A\_n260A            | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-30A\_n260G            | DC\_2A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-30A\_n260H            | DC\_2A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-30A\_n260I            | DC\_2A\_n260I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-30A\_n260J            | DC\_2A\_n260J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-30A\_n260K            | DC\_2A\_n260K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-30A\_n260L            | DC\_2A\_n260L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-30A\_n260M            | DC\_2A\_n260M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260M                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-14A-66A\_n260A            | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-66A\_n260G            | DC\_2A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-66A\_n260H            | DC\_2A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-66A\_n260I            | DC\_2A\_n260I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-66A\_n260J            | DC\_2A\_n260J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-66A\_n260K            | DC\_2A\_n260K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-66A\_n260L            | DC\_2A\_n260L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-66A\_n260M            | DC\_2A\_n260M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260M                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-14A-66A\_n260A         | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-14A-66A\_n260G         | DC\_2A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-14A-66A\_n260H         | DC\_2A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-14A-66A\_n260I         | DC\_2A\_n260I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-14A-66A\_n260J         | DC\_2A\_n260J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-14A-66A\_n260K         | DC\_2A\_n260K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-14A-66A\_n260L         | DC\_2A\_n260L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-2A-14A-66A\_n260M         | DC\_2A\_n260M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260M                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-14A-66A-66A\_n260A        | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-66A-66A\_n260G        | DC\_2A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-66A-66A\_n260H        | DC\_2A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-66A-66A\_n260I        | DC\_2A\_n260I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-66A-66A\_n260J        | DC\_2A\_n260J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-66A-66A\_n260K        | DC\_2A\_n260K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-66A-66A\_n260L        | DC\_2A\_n260L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-66A-66A\_n260M        | DC\_2A\_n260M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260M                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-29A-30A\_n260A            | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-29A-30A\_n260G            | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-29A-30A\_n260H            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-29A-30A\_n260I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-29A-30A\_n260J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-29A-30A\_n260K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-29A-30A\_n260L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-29A-30A\_n260M            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-2A-29A-30A\_n260A         | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-30A-66A\_n260A            | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A-66A\_n260G            | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A-66A\_n260H            | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A-66A\_n260I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A-66A\_n260J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A-66A\_n260K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A-66A\_n260L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-30A-66A\_n260M            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-30A-66A-66A\_n260A        | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A-66A\_n261A            | DC\_2A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C-66A\_n261A            | DC\_66A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D-66A\_n261A            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-46A-66A\_n261(2A)         | DC\_2A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46C-66A\_n261(2A)         | DC\_66A\_n261A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-46D-66A\_n261(2A)         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n257A^2^           | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n257D              | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n257E              | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n257F              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n257G              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n257H              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n257I              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n257J              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n257K              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n257L              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n257M              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257D           | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257E           | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257F           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257G           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257H           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257I           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257J           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257K           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257L           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257M           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n257D            | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n257E            | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n257F            | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n257G            | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n257H            | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n257I            | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n257J            | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n257K            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n257L            | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n257M            | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n257D            | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n257E            | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n257F            | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n257G            | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n257H            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n257I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n257J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n257K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n257L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n257M            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-21A\_n257A^2^         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n257D            | DC\_3A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n257E            | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n257F            | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n257G            | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n257H            | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42A\_n257I            | DC\_19A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n257D            | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n257E            | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n257F            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n257G            | DC\_42A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n257H            | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42C\_n257I            | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42D\_n257A            | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42D\_n257D            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42D\_n257E            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-42D\_n257F            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n257D            | DC\_3A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n257E            | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n257F            | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n257G            | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n257H            | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42A\_n257I            | DC\_21A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n257D            | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n257E            | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n257F            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n257G            | DC\_42A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n257H            | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42C\_n257I            | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42D\_n257A            | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42D\_n257D            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42D\_n257E            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A-42D\_n257F            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A-41A\_n257A            | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A\_n257G            | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A\_n257H            | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A\_n257I            | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C\_n257A            | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C\_n257G            | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C\_n257H            | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C\_n257I            | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42A\_n257D            | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42A\_n257G            | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42A\_n257H            | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42A\_n257I            | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42C\_n257D            | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42C\_n257G            | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42C\_n257H            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42C\_n257I            | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n257A            | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n257D            | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n257E            | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n257F            | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n257G            | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n257H            | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n257I            | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n257J            | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n257K            | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n257L            | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n257M            | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n257A            | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n257D            | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n257E            | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n257F            | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n257G            | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n257H            | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n257I            | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n257J            | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n257K            | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n257L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n257M            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n257A            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n257D            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n257E            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n257F            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n257G            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n257H            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n257I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n257J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n257K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n257L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n257M            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n257A            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n257D            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n257E            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n257F            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n257G            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n257H            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n257I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n257J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n257K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n257L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n257M            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-30A-66A\_n260A            | DC\_5A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A-66A\_n260G            | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A-66A\_n260H            | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A-66A\_n260I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A-66A\_n260J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A-66A\_n260K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A-66A\_n260L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-30A-66A\_n260M            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-30A-66A-66A\_n260A        | DC\_5A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-30A-66A\_n260A           | DC\_12A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A-66A\_n260G           | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A-66A\_n260H           | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A-66A\_n260I           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A-66A\_n260J           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A-66A\_n260K           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A-66A\_n260L           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_12A-30A-66A\_n260M           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_12A-30A-66A-66A\_n260A       | DC\_12A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_14A-30A-66A\_n260A           | DC\_14A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A-66A\_n260G           | DC\_14A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A-66A\_n260H           | DC\_14A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A-66A\_n260I           | DC\_14A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A-66A\_n260J           | DC\_14A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A-66A\_n260K           | DC\_14A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A-66A\_n260L           | DC\_14A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A-66A\_n260M           | DC\_14A\_n260M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260M                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_14A-30A-66A-66A\_n260A       | DC\_14A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A-66A-66A\_n260G       | DC\_14A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A-66A-66A\_n260H       | DC\_14A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A-66A-66A\_n260I       | DC\_14A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A-66A-66A\_n260J       | DC\_14A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A-66A-66A\_n260K       | DC\_14A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A-66A-66A\_n260L       | DC\_14A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_14A-30A-66A-66A\_n260M       | DC\_14A\_n260M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260M                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n257A^2^        | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n257D^2^        | DC\_19A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n257E^2^        | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n257F^2^        | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n257G^2^        | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n257H^2^        | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n257I^2^        | DC\_21A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n257A^2^        | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n257D^2^        | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n257E^2^        | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n257F^2^        | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n257G^2^        | DC\_42A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n257H^2^        | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n257I^2^        | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-28A-42A\_n257A^2^        | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-28A-42C\_n257A^2^        | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-41A-42A\_n257A           | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A-42A\_n257G           | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A-42A\_n257H           | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A-42A\_n257I           | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C-42A\_n257A           | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C-42A\_n257G           | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C-42A\_n257H           | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C-42A\_n257I           | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A-42C\_n257A           | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A-42C\_n257G           | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A-42C\_n257H           | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A-42C\_n257I           | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C-42C\_n257A           | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C-42C\_n257G           | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C-42C\_n257H           | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C-42C\_n257I           | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC             |                                  |
| configurations are the           |                                  |
| configurations supported by the  |                                  |
| present release of               |                                  |
| specifications.                  |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE        |                                  |
| supporting inter-band EN-DC with |                                  |
| mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx     |                                  |
| capability for all of the above  |                                  |
| combinations.                    |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 5.5B.5.4 Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR2 (five bands)

Table 5.5B.5.4-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR2 (five
bands)

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| EN-DC configuration              | Uplink EN-DC configuration (NOTE |
|                                  | 1)                               |
+==================================+==================================+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n257A           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n257D           | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n257E           | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n257F           | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n257G           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n257H           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n257I           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n257J           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n257K           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n257L           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n257M           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257A^2^     | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257D        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257E        | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257F        | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257G        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257H        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257I        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257J        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257K        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257L        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n257M        |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n257A         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n257D         | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n257E         | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n257F         | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n257G         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n257H         | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n257I         | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n257J         | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n257K         | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n257L         | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n257M         | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n257A         | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n257D         | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n257E         | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n257F         | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n257G         | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n257H         | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n257I         | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n257J         | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n257K         | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n257L         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n257M         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n257A^2^      | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n257D^2^      | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n257E^2^      | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-21A\_n257F^2^      | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n257A         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n257D         | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n257E         | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n257F         | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n257G         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n257H         | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n257I         | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n257J         | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n257K         | DC\_3A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n257L         | DC\_3A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42A\_n257M         | DC\_3A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n257A         | DC\_3A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n257D         | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n257E         | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n257F         | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n257G         | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n257H         | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n257I         | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n257J         | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n257K         | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n257L         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-19A-42C\_n257M         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n257A         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n257G         | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n257H         | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n257I         | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n257J         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n257K         | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n257L         | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42A\_n257M         | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n257A         | DC\_3A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n257D         | DC\_3A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n257E         | DC\_3A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n257F         | DC\_3A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n257G         | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n257H         | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n257I         | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n257J         | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n257K         | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n257L         | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A-42C\_n257M         | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n257A         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n257G         | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n257H         | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n257I         | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n257J         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n257K         | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n257L         | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n257M         | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n257A         | DC\_3A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n257G         | DC\_3A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n257H         | DC\_3A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n257I         | DC\_3A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n257J         | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n257K         | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n257L         | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n257M         | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n257A         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n257D         | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n257E         | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n257F         | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n257G         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n257H         | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n257I         | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n257J         | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n257K         | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n257L         | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n257M         | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n257A         | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n257D         | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n257E         | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n257F         | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n257G         | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n257H         | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n257I         | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n257J         | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n257K         | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n257L         | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n257M         | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n257A         | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n257D         | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n257E         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n257F         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n257G         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n257H         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n257I         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n257J         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n257K         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n257L         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n257M         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n257A         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n257D         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n257E         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n257F         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n257G         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n257H         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n257I         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n257J         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n257K         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n257L         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n257M         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n257A        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n257D        | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n257E        | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n257F        | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n257G        | DC\_1A\_n257J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n257H        | DC\_1A\_n257K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n257I        | DC\_1A\_n257L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n257J        | DC\_1A\_n257M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n257K        | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n257L        | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42A\_n257M        | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n257A        | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n257D        | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n257E        | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n257F        | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n257G        | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n257H        | DC\_21A\_n257J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n257I        | DC\_21A\_n257K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n257J        | DC\_21A\_n257L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n257K        | DC\_21A\_n257M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n257L        | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-21A-42C\_n257M        | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-28A-42C\_n257A        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-28A-42A\_n257A        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-5A-30A-66A\_n260A         | **DC\_2A\_n260A**                |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | **DC\_5A\_n260A**                |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | **DC\_30A\_n260A**               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | **DC\_66A\_n260A**               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-12A-30A-66A\_n260A        | **DC\_2A\_n260A**                |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | **DC\_12A\_n260A**               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | **DC\_30A\_n260A**               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | **DC\_66A\_n260A**               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-14A-30A-66A\_n260A        | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-30A-66A\_n260G        | DC\_2A\_n260G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-30A-66A\_n260H        | DC\_2A\_n260H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-30A-66A\_n260I        | DC\_2A\_n260I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-30A-66A\_n260J        | DC\_2A\_n260J                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-30A-66A\_n260K        | DC\_2A\_n260K                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-30A-66A\_n260L        | DC\_2A\_n260L                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-14A-30A-66A\_n260M        | DC\_2A\_n260M                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_14A\_n260M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_30A\_n260M                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260J                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260K                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260L                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260M                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42A\_n257A        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42A\_n257D        | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42A\_n257E        | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42A\_n257F        | DC\_3A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42C\_n257A        | DC\_19A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42C\_n257D        | DC\_21A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42C\_n257E        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A-21A-42C\_n257F        |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42A\_n257A        | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42A\_n257G        | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42A\_n257H        | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42A\_n257I        | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42C\_n257A        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42C\_n257G        | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42C\_n257H        | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42C\_n257I        | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42A\_n257A        | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42A\_n257G        | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42A\_n257H        | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42A\_n257I        | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42C\_n257A        | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42C\_n257G        | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42C\_n257H        | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42C\_n257I        | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC             |                                  |
| configurations are the           |                                  |
| configurations supported by the  |                                  |
| present release of               |                                  |
| specifications.                  |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE        |                                  |
| supporting inter-band EN-DC with |                                  |
| mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx     |                                  |
| capability for all of the above  |                                  |
| combinations.                    |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 5.5B.5.5 Void

### 5.5B.6 Inter-band EN-DC including FR1 and FR2

#### 5.5B.6.1 Void

#### 5.5B.6.2 Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR1 and FR2 (three bands)

Table 5.5B.6.2-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR1 and FR2
(three bands)

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| EN-DC configuration              | Uplink EN-DC configuration (NOTE |
|                                  | 1)                               |
+==================================+==================================+
| **DC\_1A\_n3A-n257A**^2^         | DC\_1A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| **DC\_1A\_n3A-n257G**^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| **DC\_1A\_n3A-n257H**^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| **DC\_1A\_n3A-n257I**^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **DC\_1A\_n28A-n257A**^2^        | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| **DC\_1A\_n28A-n257G**^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| **DC\_1A\_n28A-n257H**^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| **DC\_1A\_n28A-n257I**^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n77A-n257A^2^            | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77A-n257D^2^            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77A-n257E^2^            | DC\_1A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77A-n257F^2^            | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77A-n257G^2^            | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77A-n257H^2^            | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77A-n257I^2^            | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77C-n257A^2^            | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77C-n257D^2^            | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77C-n257E^2^            | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77C-n257F^2^            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n77(2A)-n257A^2^         | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77(2A)-n257D^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77(2A)-n257G^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77(2A)-n257H^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n77(2A)-n257I^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n77A-n258A               | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n258A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n257A^2^            | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n257D^2^            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n257E^2^            | DC\_1A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n257F^2^            | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78C-n257A^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78C-n257D^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78C-n257E^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78C-n257F^2^            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n257G^2^            | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n257H^2^            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n257I^2^            | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n257J^2^            | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n257K^2^            | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n257L^2^            | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n257M^2^            | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257I               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n78A-n258A               | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n258A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n79A-n257A^2^            | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79A-n257D^2^            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79A-n257E^2^            | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79A-n257F^2^            | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79A-n257G^2^            | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79A-n257H^2^            | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79A-n257I^2^            | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79C-n257A^2^            | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79C-n257D^2^            | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79C-n257E^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79C-n257F^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79A-n257G^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79A-n257H^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A\_n79A-n257I^2^            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A\_n79A-n258A               | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n258A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n12A-n258A               | DC\_2A\_n258A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_2A\_n12A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n12A-n260A               | DC\_2A\_n260A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_2A\_n12A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n12A-n261A               | DC\_2A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_2A\_n12A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n41A-n260A               | DC\_2A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A\_n41A-n260(2A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A\_n41A-n260(3A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A\_n41A-n260(4A)            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n41A-n261A               | DC\_2A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A\_n41A-n261(2A)            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A\_n71A-n261A               | DC\_2A\_n261A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A\_n71A-n261(2A)            | DC\_2A\_n71A                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n1A-n257A^2^             | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n1A-n257A^2^          | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n40A-n258A               | DC\_3A\_n40A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n258A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n28A-n257A^2^            | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n28A-n257G^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n28A-n257H^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n28A-n257I^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n40A-n258A               | DC\_3A\_n40A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n258A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n77A-n257A^2^            | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77A-n257D^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77A-n257E^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77A-n257F^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77A-n257G^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77A-n257H^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77A-n257I^2^            | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77C-n257A^2^            | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77C-n257D^2^            | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77C-n257E^2^            | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77C-n257F^2^            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n77(2A)-n257A^2^         | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77(2A)-n257D^2^         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77(2A)-n257G^2^         | DC\_3A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77(2A)-n257H^2^         | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n77(2A)-n257I^2^         | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n77A-n258A               | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n258A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A-n258A               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n257A^2^            | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n257D^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n257E^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n257F^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n257G^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n257H^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n257I^2^            | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n257J^2^            | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n257K^2^            | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n257L^2^            | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n257M^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78C-n257A^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78C-n257D^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78C-n257E^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n78C-n257F^2^            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3C\_n78A-n257A^2^            | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n78A-n257D^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n78A-n257E^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n78A-n257F^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n78A-n257G^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n78A-n257H^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n78A-n257I^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n78A-n257J^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n78A-n257K^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n78A-n257L^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3C\_n78A-n257M^2^            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n78A-n258A               | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n258A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A\_n78A-n257A^2^         | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n78A-n257D^2^         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n78A-n257E^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n78A-n257F^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n78A-n257G^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n78A-n257H^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n78A-n257I^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n78A-n257J^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n78A-n257K^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n78A-n257L^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A\_n78A-n257M^2^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n257A^2^            | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n257D^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n257E^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n257F^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n257G^2^            | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n257H^2^            | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n257I^2^            | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79C-n257A^2^            | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79C-n257D^2^            | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79C-n257E^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79C-n257F^2^            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n258A               | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n258D               | DC\_3A\_n258A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n258E               | DC\_3A\_n79A-n258A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n258F               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n258G               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n258H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n258I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n258J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n258K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A\_n79A-n258L               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A\_n78A-n257A^2^            | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A\_n78A-n257D               | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A\_n78A-n257E               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A\_n78A-n257F               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A\_n78A-n257G               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A\_n78A-n257H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A\_n78A-n257I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A\_n78A-n257J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A\_n78A-n257K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A\_n78A-n257L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A\_n78A-n257M               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n1A-n257A^2^             | DC\_7A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n1A-n257A^2^          | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A\_n78A-n257A^2^            | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A\_n78A-n257D^2^            | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A\_n78A-n257E^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A\_n78A-n257F^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A\_n78A-n257G^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A\_n78A-n257H^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A\_n78A-n257I^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A\_n78A-n257J^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A\_n78A-n257K^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A\_n78A-n257L^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A\_n78A-n257M^2^            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_7A-7A\_n78A-n257A^2^         | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n78A-n257D^2^         | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n78A-n257E^2^         | DC\_7A\_n78A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n78A-n257F^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n78A-n257G^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n78A-n257H^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n78A-n257I^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n78A-n257J^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n78A-n257K^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n78A-n257L^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_7A-7A\_n78A-n257M^2^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A\_n77A-n257A^2^            | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n77A-n257D^2^            | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n77A-n257G^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n77A-n257H^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n77A-n257I^2^            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A\_n77(2A)-n257A^2^         | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n77(2A)-n257D^2^         | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n77(2A)-n257G^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n77(2A)-n257H^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n77(2A)-n257I^2^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_11A\_n77A-n257A^2^           | DC\_11A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_11A\_n77A-n257D^2^           | DC\_11A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_11A\_n77A-n257G^2^           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_11A\_n77A-n257H^2^           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_11A\_n77A-n257I^2^           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_11A\_n77(2A)-n257A^2^        | DC\_11A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_11A\_n77(2A)-n257D^2^        | DC\_11A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_11A\_n77(2A)-n257G^2^        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_11A\_n77(2A)-n257H^2^        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_11A\_n77(2A)-n257I^2^        |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A\_n77A-n257A^2^           | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77A-n257D^2^           | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77A-n257E^2^           | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77A-n257F^2^           | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77A-n257G^2^           | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77A-n257H^2^           | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77A-n257I^2^           | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77C-n257A^2^           | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77C-n257D^2^           | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257I              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77C-n257E^2^           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n77C-n257F^2^           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A\_n78A-n257A^2^           | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78A-n257D^2^           | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78A-n257E^2^           | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78A-n257F^2^           | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78A-n257G^2^           | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78A-n257H^2^           | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78A-n257I^2^           | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78C-n257A^2^           | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78C-n257D^2^           | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257I              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78C-n257E^2^           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n78C-n257F^2^           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A\_n79A-n257A^2^           | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79A-n257D^2^           | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79A-n257E^2^           | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79A-n257F^2^           | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79A-n257G^2^           | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79A-n257H^2^           | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79A-n257I^2^           | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79C-n257A^2^           | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79C-n257D^2^           | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257I              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79C-n257E^2^           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A\_n79C-n257F^2^           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A\_n77A-n257A^2^           | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A\_n77A-n257G^2^           | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A\_n77A-n257H^2^           | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A\_n77A-n257I^2^           | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A\_n78A-n257A^2^            | DC\_8A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n78A-n257D^2^            | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n78A-n257E^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n78A-n257F^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n78A-n257G^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n78A-n257H^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n78A-n257I^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n78A-n257J^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n78A-n257K^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n78A-n257L^2^            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A\_n78A-n257M^2^            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A\_n3A-n257A               | DC\_18A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A\_n3A-n257G               | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A\_n3A-n257H               | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A\_n3A-n257I               | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A\_n78A-n257A              | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A\_n78A-n257G              | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A\_n78A-n257H              | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A\_n78A-n257I              | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A\_n78A-n257A^2^           | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A\_n78A-n257G^2^           | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A\_n78A-n257H^2^           | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A\_n78A-n257I^2^           | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A\_n79A-n257A^2^           | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A\_n79A-n257G^2^           | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A\_n79A-n257H^2^           | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A\_n79A-n257I^2^           | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A\_n3A-n257A^2^            | DC\_28A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A\_n3A-n257G^2^            | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A\_n3A-n257H^2^            | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A\_n3A-n257I^2^            | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A\_n77A-n257A^2^           | DC\_28A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A\_n77A-n257D^2^           | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A\_n77A-n257G^2^           | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A\_n77A-n257H^2^           | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A\_n77A-n257I^2^           | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A\_n77(2A)-n257A^2^        | DC\_28A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A\_n77(2A)-n257D^2^        | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A\_n77(2A)-n257G^2^        | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A\_n77(2A)-n257H^2^        | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A\_n77(2A)-n257I^2^        | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A\_n78A-n257A^2^           | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A\_n78A-n257G^2^           | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A\_n78A-n257H^2^           | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A\_n78A-n257I^2^           | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A\_n8A-n258A               | DC\_28A\_n8A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n258A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_41A\_n3A-n257A^2^            | DC\_41A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A\_n3A-n257G^2^            | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A\_n3A-n257H^2^            | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A\_n3A-n257I^2^            | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C\_n3A-n257A^2^            | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C\_n3A-n257G^2^            | DC\_41C\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C\_n3A-n257H^2^            | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C\_n3A-n257I^2^            | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_41A\_n28A-n257A^2^           | DC\_41A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A\_n28A-n257G^2^           | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A\_n28A-n257H^2^           | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A\_n28A-n257I^2^           | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C\_n28A-n257A^2^           | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C\_n28A-n257G^2^           | DC\_41C\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C\_n28A-n257H^2^           | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C\_n28A-n257I^2^           | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_41A\_n77A-n257A              | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A\_n77A-n257G              | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A\_n77A-n257H              | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A\_n77A-n257I              | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C\_n77A-n257A              | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C\_n77A-n257G              | DC\_41C\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C\_n77A-n257H              | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C\_n77A-n257I              | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_41A\_n78A-n257A              | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A\_n78A-n257G              | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A\_n78A-n257H              | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A\_n78A-n257I              | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C\_n78A-n257A              | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C\_n78A-n257G              | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C\_n78A-n257H              | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C\_n78A-n257I              | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_42A\_n77A-n257A              | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42A\_n77A-n257G              | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42A\_n77A-n257H              | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42A\_n77A-n257I              | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42C\_n77A-n257A              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42C\_n77A-n257G              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42C\_n77A-n257H              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42C\_n77A-n257I              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_42A\_n78A-n257A              | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42A\_n78A-n257G              | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42A\_n78A-n257H              | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42A\_n78A-n257I              | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42C\_n78A-n257A              | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42C\_n78A-n257G              | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42C\_n78A-n257H              | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42C\_n78A-n257I              | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_42A\_n79A-n257A              | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42A\_n79A-n257G              | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42A\_n79A-n257H              | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42A\_n79A-n257I              | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42C\_n79A-n257A              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42C\_n79A-n257G              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42C\_n79A-n257H              |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_42C\_n79A-n257I              |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260A               | DC\_66A\_n5A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260G               | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260H               | DC\_66A\_n5A-n260A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260M               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260(2A)            | DC\_66A\_n5A-n260A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260(3A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260(4A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260(5A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260(6A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260(2H)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260(2G)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260(A-2G)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260(A-H)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260(A-G)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260(G-H)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260(2A-G)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260(2A-2G)         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n260(3A-G)          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261A               | DC\_66A\_n5A-n261A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261G               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261H               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261I               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261J               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261K               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261L               |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261M               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(2A)            | DC\_66A\_n5A-n261A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(3A)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(2G)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(2H)            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(A-G)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(A-H)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(A-I)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(A-J)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(A-K)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(G-H)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(G-I)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(G-J)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(H-I)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(A-2G)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(A-G-H)         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(A-G-I)         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(2A-G)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(2A-H)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(2A-I)          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n5A-n261(3A-G)          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n12A-n258A              | DC\_66A\_n12A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n258A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n12A-n260A              | DC\_66A\_n12A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n12A-n261A              | DC\_66A\_n12A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_66A\_n261A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n41A-n260A              | DC\_66A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n41A-n260(2A)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n41A-n260(3A)           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n41A-n260(4A)           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n41A-n261A              | DC\_66A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n41A-n261(2A)           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n71A-n260A              | DC\_66A\_n71A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n71A-n260(2A)           | DC\_66A\_n260A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_66A\_n71A-n261A              | DC\_66A\_n71A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_66A\_n71A-n261(2A)           | DC\_66A\_n261A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC             |                                  |
| configurations are the           |                                  |
| configurations supported by the  |                                  |
| present release of               |                                  |
| specifications.                  |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE        |                                  |
| supporting inter-band EN-DC with |                                  |
| mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx     |                                  |
| capability.                      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 5.5B.6.3 Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR1 and FR2 (four bands)

Table 5.5B.6.3-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR1 and FR2
(four bands)

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| EN-DC configuration              | Uplink EN-DC configuration (NOTE |
|                                  | 1)                               |
+==================================+==================================+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n28A-n257A^2^         | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n28A-n257G^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n28A-n257H^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n28A-n257I^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n77A-n257A^2^         | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n77A-n257D^2^         | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257D                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n77A-n257G^2^         | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257G               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n77A-n257H^2^         | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257H               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n77A-n257I^2^         | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257I               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78A-n257A^2^         | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78A-n257D^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78A-n257E^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78A-n257F^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78A-n257G^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78A-n257H^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78A-n257I^2^         | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78A-n257J^2^         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78A-n257K^2^         | DC\_3A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78A-n257L^2^         | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n78A-n257M^2^         | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257I               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n79A-n257A^2^         | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n79A-n257G^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n79A-n257H^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n79A-n257I^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A\_n79A-n257A^2^         | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n79A-n257G^2^         | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n79A-n257H^2^         | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A\_n79A-n257I^2^         | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257I               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A\_n78A-n257A            | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n78A-n257D            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n78A-n257E            | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n78A-n257F            | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n78A-n257G            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n78A-n257H            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n78A-n257I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n78A-n257J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n78A-n257K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n78A-n257L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A\_n78A-n257M            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A\_n78A-n257A            | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n78A-n257D            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n78A-n257E            | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n78A-n257F            | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n78A-n257G            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n78A-n257H            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n78A-n257I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n78A-n257J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n78A-n257K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n78A-n257L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A\_n78A-n257M            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257A         | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257D         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257E         | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257F         | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257G         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257H         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257I         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257J         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257K         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257L         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257M         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A\_n77A-n257A^2^         | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n77A-n257D^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n77A-n257G^2^         | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n77A-n257H^2^         | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n77A-n257I^2^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A\_n77(2A)-n257A^2^      | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n77(2A)-n257D^2^      | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n77(2A)-n257G^2^      | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n77(2A)-n257H^2^      | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n77(2A)-n257I^2^      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A\_n78A-n257A^2^         | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n78A-n257D^2^         | DC\_8A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n78A-n257E^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n78A-n257F^2^         | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n78A-n257G^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n78A-n257H^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n78A-n257I^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n78A-n257J^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n78A-n257K^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n78A-n257L^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A\_n78A-n257M^2^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-11A\_n77A-n257A^2^        | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-11A\_n77A-n257D^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-11A\_n77A-n257G^2^        | DC\_11A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-11A\_n77A-n257H^2^        | DC\_11A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-11A\_n77A-n257I^2^        |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-11A\_n77(2A)-n257A^2^     | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-11A\_n77(2A)-n257D^2^     | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-11A\_n77(2A)-n257G^2^     | DC\_11A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-11A\_n77(2A)-n257H^2^     | DC\_11A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-11A\_n77(2A)-n257I^2^     |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A\_n3A-n257A            | DC\_1A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A\_n3A-n257G            | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A\_n3A-n257H            | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A\_n3A-n257I            | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A\_n78A-n257A           | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A\_n78A-n257G           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A\_n78A-n257H           | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A\_n78A-n257I           | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A\_n77A-n257A^2^        | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n77A-n257G^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n77A-n257H^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n77A-n257I^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A\_n78A-n257A^2^        | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n78A-n257G^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n78A-n257H^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n78A-n257I^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A\_n79A-n257A^2^        | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n79A-n257G^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n79A-n257H^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n79A-n257I^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A\_n77A-n257A^2^        | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n77A-n257G^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n77A-n257H^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n77A-n257I^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A\_n78A-n257A^2^        | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n78A-n257G^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n78A-n257H^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n78A-n257I^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A\_n79A-n257A^2^        | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n79A-n257G^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n79A-n257H^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n79A-n257I^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A\_n79A-n257A^2^        | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n79A-n257G^2^        | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n79A-n257H^2^        | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A\_n79A-n257I^2^        | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A\_n77A-n257A^2^        | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n77A-n257G^2^        | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n77A-n257H^2^        | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n77A-n257I^2^        | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A\_n78A-n257A^2^        | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n78A-n257G^2^        | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n78A-n257H^2^        | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n78A-n257I^2^        | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A\_n79A-n257A^2^        | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n79A-n257G^2^        | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n79A-n257H^2^        | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A\_n79A-n257I^2^        | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n3A-n257A^2^         | DC\_1A\_n3A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n3A-n257G^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n3A-n257H^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n3A-n257I^2^         | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A\_n78A-n257A^2^        | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n78A-n257G^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n78A-n257H^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A\_n78A-n257I^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **DC\_1A-41A\_n3A-n257A**^2^     | **DC\_41A\_n3A**                 |
|                                  |                                  |
| **DC\_1A-41A\_n3A-n257I**        | **DC\_41A\_n257A**               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | **DC\_41A\_n257I**               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **DC\_1A-41C\_n3A-n257A**^2^     | **DC\_41A\_n3A**                 |
|                                  |                                  |
| **DC\_1A-41C\_n3A-n257I**        | **DC\_41A\_n257A**               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | **DC\_41A\_n257I**               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | **DC\_41C\_n3A**                 |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | **DC\_41C\_n257A**               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | **DC\_41C\_n257I**               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n28A-n257A^2^        | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n28A-n257G^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n28A-n257H^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n28A-n257I^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n28A-n257A^2^        | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n28A-n257G^2^        | DC\_41A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n28A-n257H^2^        | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n28A-n257I^2^        | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n77A-n257A           | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n77A-n257G           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n77A-n257H           | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n77A-n257I           | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n77A-n257A           | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n77A-n257G           | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n77A-n257H           | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n77A-n257I           | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A\_n78A-n257A           | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n78A-n257G           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n78A-n257H           | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A\_n78A-n257I           | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n78A-n257A           | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n78A-n257G           | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n78A-n257H           | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C\_n78A-n257I           | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n77A-n257A           | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n77A-n257G           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n77A-n257H           | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n77A-n257I           | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n77A-n257A           | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n77A-n257G           | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n77A-n257H           | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n77A-n257I           | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n77A-n257A           | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n77A-n257G           | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n77A-n257H           | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n77A-n257I           | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n77A-n257A           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n77A-n257G           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n77A-n257H           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n77A-n257I           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n78A-n257A           | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n78A-n257G           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n78A-n257H           | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n78A-n257I           | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n78A-n257A           | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n78A-n257G           | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n78A-n257H           | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n78A-n257I           | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257I               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n79A-n257A           | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n79A-n257G           | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n79A-n257H           | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n79A-n257I           | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n79A-n257A           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n79A-n257G           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n79A-n257H           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n79A-n257I           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-42A\_n79A-n257A           | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n79A-n257G           | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n79A-n257H           | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42A\_n79A-n257I           | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n79A-n257A           | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n79A-n257G           | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n79A-n257H           | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-42C\_n79A-n257I           | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n41A-n260A           | DC\_2A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n41A-n260(2A)        | DC\_66A\_n41A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n41A-n260(3A)        |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n41A-n260(4A)        |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n41A-n261A           | DC\_2A\_n41A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n41A-n261(2A)        | DC\_66A\_n41A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_2A-66A\_n71A-n261A           | DC\_2A-n71A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_2A-66A\_n71A-n261(2A)        | DC\_66A\_n71A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A\_n78A-n257A            | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n78A-n257D            | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n78A-n257E            | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n78A-n257F            | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n78A-n257G            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n78A-n257H            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n78A-n257I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n78A-n257J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n78A-n257K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n78A-n257L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A\_n78A-n257M            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n1A-n257A^2^          | DC\_3A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n1A-n257A^2^       | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n1A-n257A^2^       | DC\_7A\_n1A                      |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n1A-n257A^2^    | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257A^2^      | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257D^2^      | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257E^2^      | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257F^2^      | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257G^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257H^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257I^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257J^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257K^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257L^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257M^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257A^2^   |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257D^2^   |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257E^2^   |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257F^2^   |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257G^2^   |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257H^2^   |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257I^2^   |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257J^2^   |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257K^2^   |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257L^2^   |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257M^2^   |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A\_n78A-n257A^2^         | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n78A-n257D^2^         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n78A-n257E^2^         | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n78A-n257F^2^         | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n78A-n257G^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n78A-n257H^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n78A-n257I^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n78A-n257J^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n78A-n257K^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n78A-n257L^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A\_n78A-n257M^2^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257A^2^      | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257D^2^      | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257E^2^      | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257F^2^      | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257G^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257H^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257I^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257J^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257K^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257L^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257M^2^      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-8A\_n78A-n257A^2^         | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n78A-n257D^2^         | DC\_8A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n78A-n257E^2^         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n78A-n257F^2^         | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n78A-n257G^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n78A-n257H^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n78A-n257I^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n78A-n257J^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n78A-n257K^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n78A-n257L^2^         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-8A\_n78A-n257M^2^         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-18A\_n78A-n257A           | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A\_n78A-n257G           | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A\_n78A-n257H           | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A\_n78A-n257I           | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A\_n77A-n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n77A-n257G^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n77A-n257H^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n77A-n257I^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A\_n78A-n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n78A-n257G^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n78A-n257H^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n78A-n257I^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A\_n79A-n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n79A-n257G^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n79A-n257H^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n79A-n257I^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A\_n77A-n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n77A-n257G^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n77A-n257H^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n77A-n257I^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A\_n78A-n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n78A-n257G^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n78A-n257H^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n78A-n257I^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A\_n79A-n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n79A-n257G^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n79A-n257H^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n79A-n257I^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A\_n77A-n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n77A-n257G^2^        | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n77A-n257H^2^        | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n77A-n257I^2^        | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A\_n78A-n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n78A-n257G^2^        | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n78A-n257H^2^        | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n78A-n257I^2^        | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-19A\_n79A-n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n79A-n257G^2^        | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n79A-n257H^2^        | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-19A\_n79A-n257I^2^        | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A\_n77A-n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n77A-n257G^2^        | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n77A-n257H^2^        | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n77A-n257I^2^        | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A\_n78A-n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n78A-n257G^2^        | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n78A-n257H^2^        | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n78A-n257I^2^        | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-21A\_n79A-n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n79A-n257G^2^        | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n79A-n257H^2^        | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-21A\_n79A-n257I^2^        | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n77A-n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n77A-n257D^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n77A-n257G^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n77A-n257H^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n77A-n257I^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n77(2A)-n257A^2^     | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n77(2A)-n257D^2^     | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n77(2A)-n257G^2^     | DC\_3A\_n257D                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n77(2A)-n257H^2^     | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n77(2A)-n257I^2^     | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257D                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A\_n78A-n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n78A-n257G^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n78A-n257H^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A\_n78A-n257I^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A\_n28A-n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n28A-n257G^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n28A-n257H^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n28A-n257I^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n28A-n257A^2^        | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n28A-n257G^2^        | DC\_41A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n28A-n257H^2^        | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n28A-n257I^2^        | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A\_n77A-n257A           | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n77A-n257G           | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n77A-n257H           | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n77A-n257I           | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n77A-n257A           | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n77A-n257G           | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n77A-n257H           | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n77A-n257I           | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A\_n78A-n257A           | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n78A-n257G           | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n78A-n257H           | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A\_n78A-n257I           | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n78A-n257A           | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n78A-n257G           | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n78A-n257H           | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C\_n78A-n257I           | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n77A-n257A           | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n77A-n257G           | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n77A-n257H           | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n77A-n257I           | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n77A-n257A           | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n77A-n257G           | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n77A-n257H           | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n77A-n257I           | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n77A-n257A           | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n77A-n257G           | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n77A-n257H           | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n77A-n257I           | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n77A-n257A           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n77A-n257G           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n77A-n257H           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n77A-n257I           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n78A-n257A           | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n78A-n257G           | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n78A-n257H           | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n78A-n257I           | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n78A-n257A           | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n78A-n257G           | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n78A-n257H           | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n78A-n257I           | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257I               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n79A-n257A           | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n79A-n257G           | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n79A-n257H           | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n79A-n257I           | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n79A-n257A           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n79A-n257G           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n79A-n257H           |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n79A-n257I           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-42A\_n79A-n257A           | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n79A-n257G           | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n79A-n257H           | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42A\_n79A-n257I           | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n79A-n257A           | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n79A-n257G           | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n79A-n257H           | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-42C\_n79A-n257I           | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-7A\_n78A-n257A            | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n78A-n257D            | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n78A-n257E            | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n78A-n257F            | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n78A-n257G            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n78A-n257H            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n78A-n257I            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n78A-n257J            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n78A-n257K            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n78A-n257L            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A\_n78A-n257M            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257A         | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257D         | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257E         | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257F         | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257G         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257H         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257I         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257J         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257K         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257L         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257M         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A-11A\_n77A-n257A^2^        | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A-11A\_n77A-n257D^2^        | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A-11A\_n77A-n257G^2^        | DC\_11A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A-11A\_n77A-n257H^2^        | DC\_11A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A-11A\_n77A-n257I^2^        |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_8A-11A\_n77(2A)-n257A^2^     | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A-11A\_n77(2A)-n257D^2^     | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A-11A\_n77(2A)-n257G^2^     | DC\_11A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A-11A\_n77(2A)-n257H^2^     | DC\_11A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_8A-11A\_n77(2A)-n257I^2^     |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-41A\_n3A-n257A           | DC\_18A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41A\_n3A-n257G           | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41A\_n3A-n257H           | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41A\_n3A-n257I           | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41C\_n3A-n257A           | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41C\_n3A-n257G           | DC\_41A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41C\_n3A-n257H           | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-41C\_n3A-n257I           | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_18A-42A\_n78A-n257A          | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42A\_n78A-n257G          | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42A\_n78A-n257H          | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42A\_n78A-n257I          | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n78A-n257A          | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n78A-n257G          | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n78A-n257H          | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_18A-42C\_n78A-n257I          | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A\_n77A-n257A^2^       | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n77A-n257G^2^       | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n77A-n257H^2^       | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n77A-n257I^2^       | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A\_n78A-n257A^2^       | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n78A-n257G^2^       | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n78A-n257H^2^       | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n78A-n257I^2^       | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A\_n79A-n257A^2^       | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n79A-n257G^2^       | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n79A-n257H^2^       | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n79A-n257I^2^       | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-42A\_n77A-n257A          | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n77A-n257G          | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n77A-n257H          | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n77A-n257I          | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n77A-n257A          | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n77A-n257G          | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n77A-n257H          | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n77A-n257I          | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-42A\_n78A-n257A          | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n78A-n257G          | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n78A-n257H          | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n78A-n257I          | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n78A-n257A          | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n78A-n257G          | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n78A-n257H          | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n78A-n257I          | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-42A\_n79A-n257A          | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n79A-n257G          | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n79A-n257H          | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n79A-n257I          | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n79A-n257A          | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n79A-n257G          | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n79A-n257H          | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n79A-n257I          | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-42A\_n77A-n257A          | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n77A-n257G          | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n77A-n257H          | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n77A-n257I          | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n77A-n257A          | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n77A-n257G          | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n77A-n257H          | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n77A-n257I          | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-42A\_n78A-n257A          | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n78A-n257G          | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n78A-n257H          | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n78A-n257I          | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n78A-n257A          | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n78A-n257G          | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n78A-n257H          | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n78A-n257I          | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-42A\_n79A-n257A          | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n79A-n257G          | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n79A-n257H          | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n79A-n257I          | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n79A-n257A          | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n79A-n257G          | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n79A-n257H          | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n79A-n257I          | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A\_n77A-n257A^2^       | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n77A-n257G^2^       | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n77A-n257H^2^       | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n77A-n257I^2^       | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257I              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A\_n78A-n257A^2^       | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n78A-n257G^2^       | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n78A-n257H^2^       | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n78A-n257I^2^       | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257I              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A\_n79A-n257A^2^       | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n79A-n257G^2^       | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n79A-n257H^2^       | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A\_n79A-n257I^2^       | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257I              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-42A\_n77A-n257A          | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n77A-n257G          | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n77A-n257H          | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n77A-n257I          | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257I              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n77A-n257A          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n77A-n257G          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n77A-n257H          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n77A-n257I          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-42A\_n78A-n257A          | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n78A-n257G          | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n78A-n257H          | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n78A-n257I          | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257I              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n78A-n257A          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n78A-n257G          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n78A-n257H          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n78A-n257I          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-42A\_n79A-n257A          | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n79A-n257G          | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n79A-n257H          | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42A\_n79A-n257I          | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257I              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n79A-n257A          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n79A-n257G          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n79A-n257H          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-42C\_n79A-n257I          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-42A\_n77A-n257A          | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n77A-n257G          | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n77A-n257H          | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n77A-n257I          | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257I              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n77A-n257A          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n77A-n257G          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n77A-n257H          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n77A-n257I          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-42A\_n78A-n257A          | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n78A-n257G          | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n78A-n257H          | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n78A-n257I          | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257I              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n78A-n257A          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n78A-n257G          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n78A-n257H          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n78A-n257I          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_21A-42A\_n79A-n257A          | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n79A-n257G          | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n79A-n257H          | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42A\_n79A-n257I          | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257I              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n79A-n257A          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n79A-n257G          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n79A-n257H          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_21A-42C\_n79A-n257I          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-41A\_n78A-n257A          | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A\_n78A-n257G          | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A\_n78A-n257H          | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A\_n78A-n257I          | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C\_n78A-n257A          | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C\_n78A-n257G          | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C\_n78A-n257H          | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C\_n78A-n257I          | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-42A\_n78A-n257A          | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42A\_n78A-n257G          | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42A\_n78A-n257H          | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42A\_n78A-n257I          | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42C\_n78A-n257A          | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42C\_n78A-n257G          | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42C\_n78A-n257H          | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-42C\_n78A-n257I          | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_41A-42A\_n77A-n257A          | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42A\_n77A-n257G          | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42A\_n77A-n257H          | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42A\_n77A-n257I          | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n77A-n257A          | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n77A-n257G          | DC\_41C\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n77A-n257H          | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n77A-n257I          | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n77A-n257A          | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n77A-n257G          | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n77A-n257H          | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n77A-n257I          | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n77A-n257A          | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n77A-n257G          | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n77A-n257H          | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n77A-n257I          | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_41A-42A\_n78A-n257A          | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42A\_n78A-n257G          | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42A\_n78A-n257H          | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42A\_n78A-n257I          | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n78A-n257A          | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n78A-n257G          | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n78A-n257H          | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41A-42C\_n78A-n257I          | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n78A-n257A          | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n78A-n257G          | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n78A-n257H          | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42A\_n78A-n257I          | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n78A-n257A          | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n78A-n257G          | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n78A-n257H          | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_41C-42C\_n78A-n257I          | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC             |                                  |
| configurations are the           |                                  |
| configurations supported by the  |                                  |
| present release of               |                                  |
| specifications.                  |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE        |                                  |
| supporting inter-band EN-DC with |                                  |
| mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx     |                                  |
| capability.                      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 5.5B.6.4 Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR1 and FR2 (five bands)

Table 5.5B.6.4-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR1 and FR2
(five bands)

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| EN-DC configuration              | Uplink EN-DC configuration (NOTE |
|                                  | 1)                               |
+==================================+==================================+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n78A-n257A         | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n78A-n257D         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n78A-n257E         | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n78A-n257F         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n78A-n257G         | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n78A-n257H         | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n78A-n257I         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n78A-n257J         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n78A-n257K         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n78A-n257L         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A\_n78A-n257M         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257A         | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257D         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257E         | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257F         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257G         | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257H         | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257I         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257J         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257K         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257L         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A\_n78A-n257M         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257A      | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257D      | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257E      | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257F      | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257G      | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257H      | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257I      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257J      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257K      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257L      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257M      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n78A-n257A^2^      | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n78A-n257D^2^      | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n78A-n257E^2^      | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n78A-n257F^2^      | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n78A-n257G^2^      | DC\_8A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n78A-n257H^2^      | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n78A-n257I^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n78A-n257J^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n78A-n257K^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n78A-n257L^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-8A\_n78A-n257M^2^      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n78A-n257A         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n78A-n257D         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n78A-n257E         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n78A-n257F         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n78A-n257G         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n78A-n257H         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n78A-n257I         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n78A-n257J         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n78A-n257K         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n78A-n257L         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3C-8A\_n78A-n257M         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n78A-n257A        | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n78A-n257G        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n78A-n257H        | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A\_n78A-n257I        | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n77A-n257A^2^     | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n77A-n257G^2^     | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n77A-n257H^2^     | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n77A-n257I^2^     | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n78A-n257A^2^     | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n78A-n257G^2^     | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n78A-n257H^2^     | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n78A-n257I^2^     | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n79A-n257A^2^     | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n79A-n257G^2^     | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n79A-n257H^2^     | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n79A-n257I^2^     | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n77A-n257A^2^     | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n77A-n257G^2^     | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n77A-n257H^2^     | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n77A-n257I^2^     | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n77A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n78A-n257A^2^     | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n78A-n257G^2^     | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n78A-n257H^2^     | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n78A-n257I^2^     | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n79A-n257A^2^     | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n79A-n257G^2^     | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n79A-n257H^2^     | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-21A\_n79A-n257I^2^     | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n79A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n78A-n257A^2^     | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n78A-n257G^2^     | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n78A-n257H^2^     | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A\_n78A-n257I^2^     | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n28A-n257A^2^     | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n28A-n257I        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n28A-n257A^2^     | DC\_1A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n28A-n257I        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n28A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n28A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n77A-n257A        | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n77A-n257G        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n77A-n257H        | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n77A-n257I        | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n77A-n257A        | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n77A-n257G        | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n77A-n257H        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n77A-n257I        | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n78A-n257A        | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n78A-n257G        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n78A-n257H        | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A\_n78A-n257I        | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n78A-n257A        | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n78A-n257G        | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n78A-n257H        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C\_n78A-n257I        | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n77A-n257A        | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n77A-n257G        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n77A-n257H        | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n77A-n257I        | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n77A-n257A        | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n77A-n257G        | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n77A-n257H        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n77A-n257I        | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n78A-n257A        | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n78A-n257G        | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n78A-n257H        | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42A\_n78A-n257I        | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n78A-n257A        | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n78A-n257G        | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n78A-n257H        | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-3A-42C\_n78A-n257I        | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257A         | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257D         | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257E         | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257F         | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257G         | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257H         | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257I         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257J         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257K         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257L         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257M         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257A      | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257D      | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257E      | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257F      | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257G      | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257H      | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257I      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257J      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257K      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257L      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257M      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n77A-n257A^2^     | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n77A-n257D^2^     | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n77A-n257G^2^     | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n77A-n257H^2^     | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n77A-n257I^2^     | DC\_11A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n77(2A)-n257A^2^  | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n77(2A)-n257D^2^  | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n77(2A)-n257G^2^  | DC\_8A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n77(2A)-n257H^2^  | DC\_8A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-8A-11A\_n77(2A)-n257I^2^  | DC\_11A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_11A\_n257A                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-41A\_n3A-n77A         | DC\_18A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-41C\_n3A-n77A         | DC\_18A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n77A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-41A\_n3A-n78A         | DC\_18A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-41C\_n3A-n78A         | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-41A\_n3A-n257A        | DC\_18A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-41A\_n3A-n257I        | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-41C\_n3A-n257A        | DC\_41A\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-41C\_n3A-n257I        | DC\_41C\_n3A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42A\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-18A-42C\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n77A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n77A-n257G       | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n77A-n257H       | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n77A-n257I       | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n77A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n77A-n257G       | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n77A-n257H       | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n77A-n257I       | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n79A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n79A-n257G       | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n79A-n257H       | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n79A-n257I       | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n79A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n79A-n257G       | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n79A-n257H       | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n79A-n257I       | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n77A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n77A-n257G       | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n77A-n257H       | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n77A-n257I       | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n77A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n77A-n257G       | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n77A-n257H       | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n77A-n257I       | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n79A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n79A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n79A-n257G       | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n79A-n257H       | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n79A-n257I       | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n79A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n79A-n257G       | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n79A-n257H       | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n79A-n257I       | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n79A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n79A-n257G       | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n79A-n257H       | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42A\_n79A-n257I       | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n79A-n257A       | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n79A-n257G       | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n79A-n257H       | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-19A-42C\_n79A-n257I       | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n77A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n77A-n257G       | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n77A-n257H       | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n77A-n257I       | DC\_1A\_n77A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n77A-n257A       | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n77A-n257G       | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n77A-n257H       | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n77A-n257I       | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_1A\_n78A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n79A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257A               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n79A-n257G       | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257G               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n79A-n257H       | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257H               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42A\_n79A-n257I       | DC\_1A\_n79A-n257I               |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n79A-n257A       | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n79A-n257G       | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n79A-n257H       | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-21A-42C\_n79A-n257I       | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-28A-42A\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42A\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42A\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42A\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42C\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42C\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42C\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-28A-42C\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n77A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n77A-n257G       | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n77A-n257H       | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n77A-n257I       | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n77A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n77A-n257G       | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n77A-n257H       | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n77A-n257I       | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n77A-n257A       | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n77A-n257G       | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n77A-n257H       | DC\_41C\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n77A-n257I       | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n77A-n257A       | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n77A-n257G       | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n77A-n257H       | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n77A-n257I       | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_1A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_1A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_1A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_1A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_1A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257A         | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257D         | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257E         | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257F         | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257G         | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257H         | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257I         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257J         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257K         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257L         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257M         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257A      | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257D      | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257E      | DC\_5A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257F      | DC\_5A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257G      | DC\_7A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257H      | DC\_7A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257I      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257J      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257K      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257L      |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257M      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42A\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_18A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_18A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-18A-42C\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_18A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_18A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n77A-n257A       | DC\_3A\_n77A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n77A-n257G       | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n77A-n257H       | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n77A-n257I       | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n77A-n257A       | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n77A-n257G       | DC\_41A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n77A-n257H       | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n77A-n257I       | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n77A-n257A       | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n77A-n257G       | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n77A-n257H       | DC\_41C\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n77A-n257I       | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n77A-n257A       | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n77A-n257G       | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n77A-n257H       | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n77A-n257I       | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A-41A\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-28A-42A\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42A\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42A\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42A\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42C\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42C\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42C\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-28A-42C\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_3A\_n78A                     |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_3A\_n257A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_3A\_n257G                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_3A\_n257H                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_3A\_n257I                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257A       | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257G       | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257H       | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_3A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257I       | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n77A-n257A      | DC\_19A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n77A-n257G      | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n77A-n257H      | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n77A-n257I      | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n77A-n257A      | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n77A-n257G      | DC\_21A\_n77A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n77A-n257H      | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n77A-n257I      | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n78A-n257A      | DC\_19A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n78A-n257G      | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n78A-n257H      | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n78A-n257I      | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n78A-n257A      | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n78A-n257G      | DC\_21A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n78A-n257H      | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n78A-n257I      | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n79A-n257A      | DC\_19A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n79A-n257G      | DC\_19A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n79A-n257H      | DC\_19A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n79A-n257I      | DC\_19A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n79A-n257A      | DC\_19A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n79A-n257G      | DC\_21A\_n79A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n79A-n257H      | DC\_21A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n79A-n257I      | DC\_21A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_21A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n77A-n257A      | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n77A-n257G      | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n77A-n257H      | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n77A-n257I      | DC\_19A\_n77A-n257I              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n77A-n257A      | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n77A-n257G      | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n77A-n257H      | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n77A-n257I      | DC\_21A\_n77A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n78A-n257A      | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n78A-n257G      | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n78A-n257H      | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n78A-n257I      | DC\_19A\_n78A-n257I              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n78A-n257A      | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n78A-n257G      | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n78A-n257H      | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n78A-n257I      | DC\_21A\_n78A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n79A-n257A      | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n79A-n257G      | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n79A-n257H      | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42A\_n79A-n257I      | DC\_19A\_n79A-n257I              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n79A-n257A      | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257A              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n79A-n257G      | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257G              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n79A-n257H      | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257H              |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_19A-21A-42C\_n79A-n257I      | DC\_21A\_n79A-n257I              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| DC\_28A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257A      | DC\_28A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257G      | DC\_28A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257H      | DC\_28A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257I      | DC\_28A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257A      | DC\_28A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257G      | DC\_41A\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257H      | DC\_41A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257I      | DC\_41A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257A      | DC\_41A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257G      | DC\_41A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257H      | DC\_41C\_n78A                    |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257I      | DC\_41C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257A      | DC\_41C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257G      | DC\_41C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257H      | DC\_41C\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
| DC\_28A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257I      | DC\_42A\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42A\_n257I                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257A                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257G                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257H                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DC\_42C\_n257I                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC             |                                  |
| configurations are the           |                                  |
| configurations supported by the  |                                  |
| present release of               |                                  |
| specifications.                  |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE        |                                  |
| supporting inter-band EN-DC with |                                  |
| mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx     |                                  |
| capability.                      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

#### 5.5B.6.5 Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR1 and FR2 (six bands)

Table 5.5B.6.5-1: Inter-band EN-DC configurations including FR1 and FR2
(six bands)

+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| EN-DC                                              | Uplink EN-DC   |
|                                                    |                |
| configuration                                      | configuration  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | (NOTE 1)       |
+====================================================+================+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257A                     | DC\_1A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257D                     | DC\_3A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257E                     | DC\_5A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257F                     | DC\_7A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257G                     | DC\_1A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257H                     | DC\_3A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257I                     | DC\_5A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257J                     | DC\_7A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257K                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257L                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A-7A\_n78A-n257M                     |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257A                        | DC\_1A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257D                        | DC\_1A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257E                        | DC\_3A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257F                        | DC\_3A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257G                        | DC\_5A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257H                        | DC\_5A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257I                        | DC\_7A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257J                        | DC\_7A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257K                        |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257L                        |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-5A-7A\_n78A-n257M                        |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n78A-n257A                      | DC\_1A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n78A-n257G                      | DC\_1A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n78A-n257H                      | DC\_1A\_n257G  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42A\_n78A-n257I                      | DC\_1A\_n257H  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n78A-n257A                      | DC\_1A\_n257I  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n78A-n257G                      | DC\_3A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n78A-n257H                      | DC\_3A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-18A-42C\_n78A-n257I                      | DC\_3A\_n257G  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_3A\_n257H  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_3A\_n257I  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_18A\_n78A  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_18A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_18A\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_18A\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_18A\_n257I |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257I |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257I |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n78A-n257A                      | DC\_1A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n78A-n257G                      | DC\_1A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n78A-n257H                      | DC\_1A\_n257G  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42A\_n78A-n257I                      | DC\_1A\_n257H  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n78A-n257A                      | DC\_1A\_n257I  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n78A-n257G                      | DC\_3A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n78A-n257H                      | DC\_3A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-28A-42C\_n78A-n257I                      | DC\_3A\_n257G  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_3A\_n257H  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_3A\_n257I  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_28A\_n78A  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_28A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_28A\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_28A\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_28A\_n257I |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257I |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257I |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n77A-n257A                      | DC\_1A\_n77A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n77A-n257G                      | DC\_1A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n77A-n257H                      | DC\_1A\_n257G  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n77A-n257I                      | DC\_1A\_n257H  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n77A-n257A                      | DC\_1A\_n257I  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n77A-n257G                      | DC\_3A\_n77A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n77A-n257H                      | DC\_3A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n77A-n257I                      | DC\_3A\_n257G  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n77A-n257A                      | DC\_3A\_n257H  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n77A-n257G                      | DC\_3A\_n257I  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n77A-n257H                      | DC\_41A\_n77A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n77A-n257I                      | DC\_41A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n77A-n257A                      | DC\_41A\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n77A-n257G                      | DC\_41A\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n77A-n257H                      | DC\_41A\_n257I |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n77A-n257I                      | DC\_41C\_n77A  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_41C\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_41C\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_41C\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_41C\_n257I |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257I |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257I |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257A                      | DC\_1A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257G                      | DC\_1A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257H                      | DC\_1A\_n257G  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257I                      | DC\_1A\_n257H  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257A                      | DC\_1A\_n257I  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257G                      | DC\_3A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257H                      | DC\_3A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257I                      | DC\_3A\_n257G  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257A                      | DC\_3A\_n257H  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257G                      | DC\_3A\_n257I  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257H                      | DC\_41A\_n78A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257I                      | DC\_41A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257A                      | DC\_41A\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257G                      | DC\_41A\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257H                      | DC\_41A\_n257I |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_1A-3A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257I                      | DC\_41C\_n78A  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_41C\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_41C\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_41C\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_41C\_n257I |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257I |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257I |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257A                     | DC\_3A\_n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257G                     | DC\_3A\_n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257H                     | DC\_3A\_n257G  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42A\_n78A-n257I                     | DC\_3A\_n257H  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257A                     | DC\_3A\_n257I  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257G                     | DC\_28A\_n78A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257H                     | DC\_28A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A-28A-41A-42C\_n78A-n257I                     | DC\_28A\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257A                     | DC\_28A\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257G                     | DC\_28A\_n257I |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257H                     | DC\_41A\_n78A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42A\_n78A-n257I                     | DC\_41A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257A                     | DC\_41A\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257G                     | DC\_41A\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257H                     | DC\_41A\_n257I |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_3A-28A-41C-42C\_n78A-n257I                     | DC\_41C\_n78A  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_41C\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_41C\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_41C\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_41C\_n257I |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42A\_n257I |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_42C\_n257I |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink EN-DC configurations are the        |                |
| configurations supported by the present release of |                |
| specifications                                     |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+

### 5.5B.7 Inter-band NR-DC between FR1 and FR2

#### 5.5B.7.0 General

The configurations and bandwidth combination sets for the FR1-FR2 NR-DC
combinations in the following sub-sections are defined in the tables for
FR1-FR2 carrier aggregation in section 5.5A.1.

#### 5.5B.7.1 Inter-band NR-DC configurations between FR1 and FR2 (two bands)

Table 5.5B.7-1: Inter-band NR-DC configurations between FR1 and FR2 (two
bands)

+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| Downlink NR DC                                     | Uplink NR DC   |
|                                                    |                |
| configuration                                      | configuration  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n3A-n257A^1^                                   | DC\_n3A-n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n3A-n257D^1^DC\_n3A-n257G^1^                   | DC\_n3A-n257D  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n3A-n257H^1^                                   | DC\_n3A-n257G  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n3A-n257I^1^                                   | DC\_n3A-n257H  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n3A-n257I  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n28A-n257A^1^                                  | DC\_n28A-n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n28A-n257D^1^                                  | DC\_n28A-n257D |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n28A-n257G^1^                                  | DC\_n28A-n257G |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n28A-n257H^1^                                  | DC\_n28A-n257H |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n28A-n257I^1^                                  | DC\_n28A-n257I |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n77A-n257A^1^                                  | DC\_n77A-n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257D^1^                                  | DC\_n77A-n257G |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257E^1^                                  | DC\_n77A-n257H |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257F^1^                                  | DC\_n77A-n257I |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257G^1^                                  | DC\_n77A-n257J |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257H^1^                                  | DC\_n77A-n257K |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257I^1^                                  | DC\_n77A-n257L |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257J^1^                                  | DC\_n77A-n257M |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257K^1^                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257L^1^                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n257M^1^                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77C-n257A                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77C-n257D                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77C-n257E                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77C-n257F                                     |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n77(2A)-n257A^1^                               | DC\_n77A-n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77(2A)-n257G^1^                               | DC\_n77A-n257G |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77(2A)-n257H^1^                               | DC\_n77A-n257H |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77(2A)-n257I^1^                               | DC\_n77A-n257I |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77(2A)-n257J                                  | DC\_n77A-n257J |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77(2A)-n257K                                  | DC\_n77A-n257K |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77(2A)-n257L                                  | DC\_n77A-n257L |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77(2A)-n257M                                  | DC\_n77A-n257M |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n77A-n261A                                     | DC\_n77A-n261A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261G                                     | DC\_n77A-n261G |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261H                                     | DC\_n77A-n261H |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261I                                     | DC\_n77A-n261I |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261J                                     | DC\_n77A-n261J |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261K                                     | DC\_n77A-n261K |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261L                                     | DC\_n77A-n261L |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261M                                     | DC\_n77A-n261M |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n77A-n261(2A)                                  | DC\_n77A-n261A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261(2G)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261(2H)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261(2I)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261(3A)                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261(4A)                                  |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n77A-n261(A-G)                                 | DC\_n77A-n261A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261(A-H)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261(A-I)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261(G-H)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261(G-I)                                 |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n77A-n261(H-I)                                 |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n78A-n257A^1^                                  | DC\_n78A-n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257D^1^                                  | DC\_n78A-n257G |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257E^1^                                  | DC\_n78A-n257H |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257F^1^                                  | DC\_n78A-n257I |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257G^1^                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257H^1^                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257I^1^                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257J^1^                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257K^1^                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257L^1^                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n78A-n257M^1^                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n78C-n257A                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n78C-n257D                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n78C-n257E                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n78C-n257F                                     |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n79A-n257A^1^                                  | DC\_n79A-n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257D^1^                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257E^1^                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257F^1^                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257G^1^                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257H^1^                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257I^1^                                  |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257J                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257K                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257L                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n79A-n257M                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n79C-n257A                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n79C-n257D                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n79C-n257E                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n79C-n257F                                     |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Applicable for UE supporting inter-band NR |                |
| DC with mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability.   |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+

#### 5.5B.7.2 Inter-band NR-DC configurations between FR1 and FR2 (three bands)

Table 5.5B.7-2: Inter-band NR-DC configurations between FR1 and FR2
(three bands)

+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| Downlink NR DC                                     | Uplink NR DC   |
|                                                    |                |
| configuration                                      | configuration  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n3A-n28A-n257A^1^                              | DC\_n3A-n28A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n3A-n28A-n257G^1^                              | DC\_n3A-n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n3A-n28A-n257H^1^                              | DC\_n3A-n257G  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n3A-n28A-n257I^1^                              | DC\_n3A-n257H  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n3A-n257I  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n28A-n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n28A-n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n28A-n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n28A-n257I |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n3A-n77A-n257A^1^                              | DC\_n3A-n77A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n3A-n77A-n257G^1^                              | DC\_n3A-n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n3A-n77A-n257H^1^                              | DC\_n3A-n257G  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n3A-n77A-n257I^1^                              | DC\_n3A-n257H  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n3A-n257I  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n77A-n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n77A-n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n77A-n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n77A-n257I |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n3A-n77(2A)-n257A^1^                           | DC\_n3A-n77A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n3A-n77(2A)-n257G^1^                           | DC\_n3A-n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n3A-n77(2A)-n257H^1^                           | DC\_n3A-n257G  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n3A-n77(2A)-n257I^1^                           | DC\_n3A-n257H  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n3A-n257I  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n77A-n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n77A-n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n77A-n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n77A-n257I |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n3A-n78A-n257A^1^                              | DC\_n3A-n78A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n3A-n78A-n257G^1^                              | DC\_n3A-n257A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n3A-n78A-n257H^1^                              | DC\_n3A-n257G  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n3A-n78A-n257I^1^                              | DC\_n3A-n257H  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n3A-n257I  |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n78A-n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n78A-n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n78A-n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n78A-n257I |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n28A-n77A-n257A^1^                             | DC\_n28A-n77A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n28A-n77A-n257G^1^                             | DC\_n28A-n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n28A-n77A-n257H^1^                             | DC\_n28A-n257G |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n28A-n77A-n257I^1^                             | DC\_n28A-n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n28A-n257I |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n77A-n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n77A-n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n77A-n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n77A-n257I |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n28A-n78A-n257A^1^                             | DC\_n28A-n78A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n28A-n78A-n257G^1^                             | DC\_n28A-n257A |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n28A-n78A-n257H^1^                             | DC\_n28A-n257G |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n28A-n78A-n257I^1^                             | DC\_n28A-n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n28A-n257I |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n78A-n257A |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n78A-n257G |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n78A-n257H |
|                                                    |                |
|                                                    | DC\_n78A-n257I |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Applicable for UE supporting inter-band NR |                |
| DC with mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability.   |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+

5.5C Void
---------

5.5D Void
---------

5.5E Configuration for V2X operation
------------------------------------

### 5.5E.1 General

The operating bands and bandwidth classes are specified for V2X
operation.

### 5.5E.2 Intra-band contiguous V2X operation in FR1

Table 5.5E.2-1: Intra-band contiguous V2X configurations

+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| V2X                                 | SL transmission               |
|                                     |                               |
| configuration                       |                               |
+=====================================+===============================+
| V2X\_(n)47AA                        | E-UTRA Band 47 or NR band n47 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Only single switched SL is  |                               |
| supported.                          |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+

### 5.5E.3 Intra-band non-contiguous V2X operation in FR1

Table 5.5E.3-1: Intra-band non-contiguous V2X configurations

+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| V2X                                 | SL transmission               |
|                                     |                               |
| configuration                       |                               |
+=====================================+===============================+
| V2X\_47A\_n47A                      | E-UTRA Band 47 or NR band n47 |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Only single switched SL is  |                               |
| supported.                          |                               |
+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------+

### 5.5E.4 Inter-band V2X operation in FR1

#### 5.5E.4.1 Inter-band V2X configurations within FR1 (two bands)

Table 5.5E.4.1-1: Inter-band V2X configurations

+------------------------------------+--------------------------------+
| V2X                                | V2X transmission configuration |
|                                    |                                |
| configuration                      |                                |
+====================================+================================+
| V2X\_20A\_n38A                     | V2X\_20A\_n38A                 |
+------------------------------------+--------------------------------+
| V2X\_ n71A\_47A                    | V2X\_n71A\_47A                 |
+------------------------------------+--------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: V2X transmission           |                                |
| configurations are the             |                                |
| configurations supported by the    |                                |
| present release of specifications. |                                |
+------------------------------------+--------------------------------+
