Foreword
========

This Technical Specification has been produced by the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

In the present document, modal verbs have the following meanings:

**shall** indicates a mandatory requirement to do something

**shall not** indicates an interdiction (prohibition) to do something

The constructions \"shall\" and \"shall not\" are confined to the
context of normative provisions, and do not appear in Technical Reports.

The constructions \"must\" and \"must not\" are not used as substitutes
for \"shall\" and \"shall not\". Their use is avoided insofar as
possible, and they are not used in a normative context except in a
direct citation from an external, referenced, non-3GPP document, or so
as to maintain continuity of style when extending or modifying the
provisions of such a referenced document.

**should** indicates a recommendation to do something

**should not** indicates a recommendation not to do something

**may** indicates permission to do something

**need not** indicates permission not to do something

The construction \"may not\" is ambiguous and is not used in normative
elements. The unambiguous constructions \"might not\" or \"shall not\"
are used instead, depending upon the meaning intended.

**can** indicates that something is possible

**cannot** indicates that something is impossible

The constructions \"can\" and \"cannot\" are not substitutes for \"may\"
and \"need not\".

**will** indicates that something is certain or expected to happen as a
result of action taken by an agency the behaviour of which is outside
the scope of the present document

**will not** indicates that something is certain or expected not to
happen as a result of action taken by an agency the behaviour of which
is outside the scope of the present document

**might** indicates a likelihood that something will happen as a result
of action taken by some agency the behaviour of which is outside the
scope of the present document

**might not** indicates a likelihood that something will not happen as a
result of action taken by some agency the behaviour of which is outside
the scope of the present document

In addition:

**is** (or any other verb in the indicative mood) indicates a statement
of fact

**is not** (or any other negative verb in the indicative mood) indicates
a statement of fact

The constructions \"is\" and \"is not\" do not indicate requirements.

\

1 Scope {#scope-1}
=======

The present document establishes the minimum RF requirements for NR User
Equipment (UE) operating on frequency Range 1.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or non‑specific.

For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case of
a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document in the same Release as the present document.

\[1\] 3GPP TR 21.905: \"Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications\".

\[2\] 3GPP TS 38.101-2: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 2: Range 2 Standalone\".

\[3\] 3GPP TS 38.101-3: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and
reception; Part 3: Range 1 and Range 2 Interworking operation with other
radios\".

\[4\] 3GPP TS 38.521-1: \"NR; User Equipment (UE) conformance
specification; Radio transmission and reception; Part 1: Range 1
Standalone\".

\[5\] Recommendation ITU-R M.1545: \"Measurement uncertainty as it
applies to test limits for the terrestrial component of International
Mobile Telecommunications-2000\".

\[6\] 3GPP TS 38.211: \"NR; Physical channels and modulation\".

\[7\] 3GPP TS 38.331: \"Radio Resource Control (RRC) protocol
specification\".

\[8\] 3GPP TS 38.213: \"NR; Physical layer procedures for control\".

\[9\] ITU-R Recommendation SM.329-10, \"Unwanted emissions in the
spurious domain\".

\[10\] 3GPP TS 38.214: \"NR; Physical layer procedures for data\".

\[11\] 3GPP TS 36.101: Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access
(E-UTRA); User Equipment (UE) radio transmission and reception;

\[12\] ETSI TS 102 792: \"Intelligent Transport Systems (ITS);
Mitigation techniques to avoid interference between European CEN
Dedicated Short Range Communication (CEN DSRC) equipment and Intelligent
Transport Systems (ITS) operating in the 5 GHz frequency range\".

\[13\] 3GPP TS 38.133: \"NR; Requirements for support of radio resource
management\".

**\[14\] 3GPP TS 37.213: "Physical layer procedures for shared spectrum
channel access".**

**\[15\] 3GPP TS 38.306: "NR; User Equipment (UE) radio access
capabilities".**

**\[16\]** ECC Decision (20)02: "Harmonised use of the paired frequency
bands 874.4-880.0 MHz and 919.4-925.0 MHz and of the unpaired frequency
band 1900-1910 MHz for Railway Mobile Radio (RMR)"

3 Definitions, symbols and abbreviations
========================================

3.1 Definitions
---------------

For the purposes of the present document, the terms and definitions
given in 3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. A term defined in
the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
term, if any, in 3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\].

**Aggregated Allocation Bandwidth:** Total bandwidth of all allocated
RBs in a transmission occasion. Can be calculated for two aggregated CCs
as L~CRB,\ 1~\* 12\* SCS~1~ + L~CRB,2~ \* 12 \* SCS~2~ .

**Aggregated Channel Bandwidth**: The RF bandwidth in which a UE
transmits and receives multiple contiguously aggregated carriers.

**Carrier aggregation**: Aggregation of two or more component carriers
in order to support wider transmission bandwidths.

**Carrier aggregation band**: A set of one or more operating bands
across which multiple carriers are aggregated with a specific set of
technical requirements.

**Carrier aggregation bandwidth class**: A class defined by the
aggregated transmission bandwidth configuration and maximum number of
component carriers supported by a UE.

**Carrier aggregation configuration**: A combination of CA operating
band(s) and CA bandwidth class(es) supported by a UE.

**Concurrent operation**: The simultaneous transmission and reception of
sidelink and Uu interfaces while operation is agnostic of the service
used on each interface.

**Contiguous carriers**: A set of two or more carriers configured in a
spectrum block where there are no RF requirements based on co-existence
for un-coordinated operation within the spectrum block.

**Contiguous resource allocation**: A resource allocation of consecutive
resource blocks within one carrier or across contiguously aggregated
carriers. The gap between contiguously aggregated carriers due to the
nominal channel spacing is allowed.

**Contiguous spectrum**: Spectrum consisting of a contiguous block of
spectrum with no sub-block gaps.

**Inter-band carrier aggregation:** Carrier aggregation of component
carriers in different operating bands.

NOTE: Carriers aggregated in each band can be contiguous or
non-contiguous.

**Intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation**: Contiguous carriers
aggregated in the same operating band.

**Intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation**: Non-contiguous
carriers aggregated in the same operating band.

**Railway Mobile Radio:** railway operations encompassing GSM-R and its
successor(s), including the Future Railway Mobile Communication System
(FRMCS); in the context of this specification the Railway Mobile Radio
is limited to NR operation in band n100, or n101.

**RedCap UE**: The UE with reduced capabilities as defined in clause
4.2.21.1 from TS38.306 \[15\].

**Sub-band: For a UE that supports shared spectrum channel access in
wideband operation, a sub-band is the set of RBs within an approximately
20 MHz segment of the channel where the wideband channel is uniformly
divided into an integer number of 20 MHz sub-bands. Sub-bands may be
separately allocated in uplink and downlink.**

**Sub-block**: This is one contiguous allocated block of spectrum for
transmission and reception by the same UE. There may be multiple
instances of sub-blocks within an RF bandwidth.

**Sub-block bandwidth**: The bandwidth of one sub-block.

**Sub-block gap**: A frequency gap between two consecutive sub-blocks
within an RF bandwidth, where the RF requirements in the gap are based
on co-existence for un-coordinated operation.

**UE transmission bandwidth configuration**: Set of resource blocks
located within the UE channel bandwidth which may be used for
transmitting or receiving by the UE.

**Vehicular UE:** A UE embedded in a vehicle, permanently connected to
an embedded antenna system that radiates externally for NR operating
bands.

NOTE: Vehicular UE does not refer to other UE form factors placed inside
the vehicle.

**Wideband operation:** For a UE that supports shared spectrum channel
access, wideband operation refers to operation within a channel larger
than 20 MHz in which intra-cell guard bands may be configured to
distinguish individual RB-sets

3.2 Symbols
-----------

For the purposes of the present document, the following symbols apply:

ΔF~Global~ Granularity of the global frequency raster

ΔF~Raster~ Band dependent channel raster granularity

Δf~OOB~ Δ Frequency of Out Of Band emission

ΔF~TX-RX~ Maximum deviation to the Tx-Rx carrier center frequency
separation for asymmetric uplink/downlink channel bandwidth operation

∆MPR~c~ Allowed Maximum Power Reduction relaxation for serving cell *c*

ΔP~PowerClass~ Adjustment to maximum output power for a given power
class

∆~RB~ The starting frequency offset between the allocated RB and the
measured non-allocated RB

ΔR~IB,c~ Allowed reference sensitivity relaxation due to support for
inter-band CA operation, for serving cell *c*

ΔR~IBC~ Allowed reference sensitivity relaxation due to support for
intra-band contiguous CA operation

ΔR~IBNC~ Allowed reference sensitivity relaxation due to support for
intra-band non-contiguous CA operation

ΔR~IB,4R~ Reference sensitivity adjustment due to support for 4 antenna
ports

**ΔR~1R\ ~**Reference sensitivity adjustment due to support for 1
antenna ports

Δ~Shift~ Channel raster offset

∆T~C~ Allowed operating band edge transmission power relaxation

∆T~C,*c*~ Allowed operating band edge transmission power relaxation for
serving cell *c*

ΔT~IB,c~ Allowed maximum configured output power relaxation due to
support for inter-band CA operation, inter-band NR-DC operation and due
to support for SUL operations, for serving cell *c*

BW~Channel~ Channel bandwidth

BW~Channel,block~ Sub-block bandwidth, expressed in MHz.
BW~Channel,block~= F~edge,block,high~- F~edge,block,low~

BW~Channel\_CA~ Aggregated channel bandwidth, expressed in MHz

BW~Channel,max~ Maximum channel bandwidth supported among all bands in a
release

BW~GB~ max( BW~GB,Channel(*k*)~ )

BW~GB,Channel(k)~ Minimum guard band defined in clause 5.3A.1 of carrier
*k*

BW~DL~ Channel bandwidth for DL

BW~UL~ Channel bandwidth for UL

BW~interferer~ Bandwidth of the interferer

Ceil(x) Rounding upwards; ceil(x) is the smallest integer such that
ceil(x) ≥ x

Floor(x) Rounding downwards; floor(x) is the greatest integer such that
floor(x) ≤ x

F~C~ Center frequency of a carrier for a numerology defined by the *RF
reference frequency* on the channel raster mapped to the carrier
according to sub-clause 5.4.2.2

**F~C,block,\ high~** Fc of the highest transmitted/received carrier in
a *sub-block*

**F~C,block,\ low~** Fc of the lowest transmitted/received carrier in a
*sub-block*

F~C,low~ The Fc of the lowest carrier, expressed in MHz

F~C,high~ The Fc of the highest carrier, expressed in MHz

F~DL\_low~ The lowest frequency of the downlink *operating band*

F~DL\_high~ The highest frequency of the downlink *operating band*

F~UL\_low~ The lowest frequency of the uplink *operating band*

F~UL\_high~ The highest frequency of the uplink *operating band*

F~edge,block,low~ The lower *sub-block* edge, where F~edge,block,low~ =
F~C,block,low~ - F~offset,\ low.~

F~edge,block,high~ The upper *sub-block* edge, where F~edge,block,high~
= F~C,block,high~ + F~offset,\ high.~

F~edge\ ,\ low~ The *lower edge* of *aggregated channel bandwidth*,
expressed in MHz. F~edge,low~ = F~C,low~ - F~offset,low.~

F~edge,\ high~ The *higher edge* of *aggregated channel bandwidth*,
expressed in MHz. F~edge,high~ = F~C,high~ + F~offset,high.~

F~Interferer~ (offset) Frequency offset of the interferer (between the
center frequency of the interferer and the carrier frequency of the
carrier measured). For intra-band contiguous CA, the F~Interferer~
(offset) is the frequency separation of the center frequency of the
carrier closest to the interferer and the center frequency of the
interferer

F~Interferer~ Frequency of the interferer

F~Ioffset~ Frequency offset of the interferer (between the center
frequency of the interferer and the closest edge of the carrier
measured)

F~offset~ Frequency offset from F~C\_high~ to the *higher edge* or
F~C\_low~ to the *lower edge.*

F~offset,high~ Frequency offset from F~C,high~ to the upper *UE RF
Bandwidth edge*, or from **F~C,block,\ high\ ~**to the upper sub-block
edge

F~offset,low~ Frequency offset from F~C,low~ to the lower *UE RF
Bandwidth edge*, or from **F~C,block,\ low\ ~**to the lower sub-block
edge

F~OOB~ The boundary between the NR out of band emission and spurious
emission domains

F~REF~ RF reference frequency

F~REF-Offs~ Offset used for calculating F~REF~

F~REF,\ shift~ RF reference frequency for Supplementary Uplink (SUL)
bands, the uplink of all FDD bands, and TDD bands

F~uw~ (offset) The frequency separation of the center frequency of the
carrier closest to the interferer and the center frequency of the
interferer

GB~Channel~ Minimum guard band defined in clause 5.3.3, expressed in kHz

G~n100post\ connector~ Declared value of the post chipset unit antenna
connector gain for band n100, used for conversion of the radiated
requirement into a conducted requirement (see principles described in
annex M)

G~n101post\ connector~ Declared value of the post chipset unit antenna
connector gain for band n101, used for conversion of the radiated
requirement into a conducted requirement (see principles described in
annex M)

L~CRB~ Transmission bandwidth which represents the length of a
contiguous resource block allocation expressed in units of resources
blocks

Max() The largest of given numbers

Min() The smallest of given numbers

Physical resource block number

NR~ACLR~ NR ACLR

N~RB~ Transmission bandwidth configuration, expressed in units of
resource blocks

N~RB\_agg~ The number of the aggregated RBs within the fully allocated
aggregated channel bandwidth

$N_{RB_{\_ agg}} = \sum_{i = 1}^{j}{N_{RB_{i}}*2^{\mu_{i}}}$ for carrier
1 to j, where *μ* is defined in TS 38.211 \[6\]

N~RB,c~ The transmission bandwidth configuration of component carrier c,
expressed in units of resource blocks

$N_{RB,cj} = N_{RB_{j}}*2^{\mu_{j}}$ for carrier j, where *μ* is defined
in TS 38.211 \[6\]

N~RB,largest\ BW~ The largest transmission bandwidth configuration of
the component carriers in the bandwidth combination, expressed in units
of resource blocks

N~RB,low~ The transmission bandwidth configurations according to Table
5.3.2-1 for the lowest assigned component carrier in clause 5.3A.1

N~RB,high~ The transmission bandwidth configurations according to Table
5.3.2-1 for the highest assigned component carrier in clause 5.3A.1

N~REF~ NR Absolute Radio Frequency Channel Number (NR-ARFCN)

N~REF-Offs~ Offset used for calculating N~REF~

P~CMAX~ The configured maximum UE output power

P~CMAX~, *~c~* The configured maximum UE output power for serving cell
*c*

P~CMAX~, *~f~*, *~c~* The configured maximum UE output power for carrier
*f* of serving cell *c* in each slot

P~EMAX~ Maximum allowed UE output power signalled by higher layers

P~EMAX,\ *c*~ Maximum allowed UE output power signalled by higher layers
for serving cell *c*

P~Interferer~ Modulated mean power of the interferer

P~largest\ BW~ Power of the largest transmission bandwidth configuration
of the component carriers in the bandwidth combination

P~PowerClass~ The nominal UE power (i.e., no tolerance)

P-MPR*~c~* Power Management Maximum Power Reduction for serving cell *c*

P~RB~ The transmitted power per allocated RB, measured in dBm

P~UMAX~ The measured configured maximum UE output power

Puw Power of an unwanted DL signal

Pw Power of a wanted DL signal

RB~start~ The lowest RB index of transmitted resource blocks

RB~start\_CA~ The lowest RB index of transmitted resource blocks for
intra-band contiguous CA

SCS~c~ SCS for the component carrier c, expressed in kHz

SCS~largest\ BW~ SCS for the largest transmission bandwidth
configuration of the component carriers in the bandwidth combination,
expressed in kHz

SCS~c~ SCS for the component carrier c, expressed in kHz

SCS~largest\ BW~ SCS for the largest transmission bandwidth
configuration of the component carriers in the bandwidth combination,
expressed in kHz

*tp* Transient Period value signalled by the UE

*tp~start~* Start position of transient period relative to the symbol
boundary

T(P~CMAX~, *~f~*, *~c~*) Tolerance for applicable values of P~CMAX~,
*~f~*, *~c~* for configured maximum UE output power for carrier *f* of
serving cell *c*

T~L,c~ Absolute value of the lower tolerance for the applicable
*operating band* as specified in clause 6.2.1

SS~REF~ SS block reference frequency position

UTRA~ACLR~ UTRA ACLR

3.3 Abbreviations
-----------------

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in
3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in
the present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
abbreviation, if any, in 3GPP TR 21.905 \[1\].

ACLR Adjacent Channel Leakage Ratio

ACS Adjacent Channel Selectivity

A-MPR Additional Maximum Power Reduction

BS Base Station

BW Bandwidth

BWP Bandwidth Part

CA Carrier Aggregation

CA\_nX-nY Inter-band CA of component carrier(s) in one sub-block within
Band nX and component carrier(s) in one sub-block within Band nY where
nX and nY are the applicable NR *operating bands*

CC Component Carriers

CG Carrier Group

CP-OFDM Cyclic Prefix-OFDM

CW Continuous Wave

DC Dual Connectivity

DFT-s-OFDM Discrete Fourier Transform-spread-OFDM

DM-RS Demodulation Reference Signal

DTX Discontinuous Transmission

E-UTRA Evolved UTRA

EIRP Equivalent Isotropically Radiated Power

EVM Error Vector Magnitude

FR Frequency Range

FRMCS Future Railway Mobile Communication System

FRC Fixed Reference Channel

FWA Fixed Wireless Access

GSCN Global Synchronization Channel Number

IBB In-band Blocking

IDFT Inverse Discrete Fourier Transformation

ITS Intelligent Transportation System

ITU‑R Radiocommunication Sector of the International Telecommunication
Union

MBW Measurement bandwidth

MCG Master Cell Group

MOP Maximum Output Power

MPR Allowed maximum power reduction

MSD Maximum Sensitivity Degradation

NR New Radio

NR-ARFCN NR Absolute Radio Frequency Channel Number

NS Network Signalling

OCNG OFDMA Channel Noise Generator

OOB Out-of-band

P-MPR Power Management Maximum Power Reduction

PRB Physical Resource Block

PS Public Safety

PSCCH Physical Sidelink Control CHannel

PSSCH Physical Sidelink Shared CHannel

QAM Quadrature Amplitude Modulation

RE Resource Element

REFSENS Reference Sensitivity

RedCap Reduced Capability

RF Radio Frequency

RMS Root Mean Square (value)

RSRP Reference Signal Receiving PowerRx Receiver

Rx Receiver

RMR Railway Mobile Radio

SC Single Carrier

SCG Secondary Cell Group

SCS Subcarrier spacing

SDL Supplementary Downlink

SEM Spectrum Emission Mask

SL Sidelink

SL-MIMO Sidelink-Multiple Antenna transmission

SNR Signal-to-Noise Ratio

SRS Sounding Reference Symbol

SS Synchronization Symbol

SUL Supplementary uplink

TAE Time Alignment Error

TAG Timing Advance Group

Tx Transmitter

TxD Tx Diversity

UL MIMO Uplink Multiple Antenna transmission

ULFPTx Uplink Full Power Transmission

V2X Vehicle to Everything

4 General
=========

4.1 Relationship between minimum requirements and test requirements
-------------------------------------------------------------------

The present document is a Single-RAT specification for NR UE, covering
RF characteristics and minimum performance requirements. Conformance to
the present specification is demonstrated by fulfilling the test
requirements specified in the conformance specification 3GPP TS 38.521-1
\[4\].

The Minimum Requirements given in this specification make no allowance
for measurement uncertainty. The test specification TS 38.521-1 \[4\]
defines test tolerances. These test tolerances are individually
calculated for each test. The test tolerances are used to relax the
minimum requirements in this specification to create test requirements.
For some requirements, including regulatory requirements, the test
tolerance is set to zero.

The measurement results returned by the test system are compared -
without any modification - against the test requirements as defined by
the shared risk principle.

The shared risk principle is defined in Recommendation ITU‑R M.1545
\[5\].

4.2 Applicability of minimum requirements
-----------------------------------------

a\) In this specification the Minimum Requirements are specified as
general requirements and additional requirements. Where the Requirement
is specified as a general requirement, the requirement is mandated to be
met in all scenarios

b\) For specific scenarios for which an additional requirement is
specified, in addition to meeting the general requirement, the UE is
mandated to meet the additional requirements.

c\) The spurious emissions power requirements are for the long-term
average of the power. For the purpose of reducing measurement
uncertainty it is acceptable to average the measured power over a period
of time sufficient to reduce the uncertainty due to the statistical
nature of the signal

d\) All the requirements for intra-band contiguous and non-contiguous CA
apply under the assumption of the same slot format indicated by
*TDD-UL-DL-ConfigurationCommon and TDD-UL-DL-ConfigurationDedicated* in
the PCell and SCells for NR SA.

e\) The requirements for Tx diversity in this release are applied for UE
which indicates IE \[*txDiversity-r16*\].

4.3 Specification suffix information
------------------------------------

Unless stated otherwise, the suffixes shown in Table 4.3-1 are used for
indicating at 2^nd^ level clause. For shared spectrum channel access,
suffices A, B, and D are used for indicating at 3^rd^ level clause.

Table 4.3-1: Definition of suffixes

  Clause suffix   Variant
  --------------- ---------------------------------------
  None            Single Carrier
  A               Carrier Aggregation (CA)
  B               Dual-Connectivity (DC)
  C               Supplementary Uplink (SUL)
  D               UL MIMO
  E               V2X
  F               Shared spectrum channel access
  G               Tx Diversity (TxD)
  H               Carrier Aggregation (CA) with UL MIMO
  I               RedCap

A terminal which supports the above features needs to meet both the
general requirements and the additional requirement applicable to the
additional clause (suffixes A to I) in clauses 5, 6 and 7. Where there
is a difference in requirement between the general requirements and the
additional clause requirements (suffixes A to I) in clauses 5, 6 and 7,
the tighter requirements are applicable unless stated otherwise in the
additional clause.

A terminal which supports advanced V2X services, public safety services
and other commercial use cases related to NR sidelink operation shall
meet all of the separate corresponding requirements in suffix E.

For a terminal that supports SUL for the band combination specified in
Table 5.2C-1, the current version of the specification assumes the
terminal is configured with active transmission either on UL carrier or
SUL carrier at any time in one serving cell and the UE requirements for
single carrier shall apply for the active UL or SUL carrier accordingly.

For a terminal that supports public safety service using sidelink, the
minimum requirements are applicable when

\- The UE is associated with a serving cell on PS carrier, or

\- The UE is not associated with a serving cell on the PS carrier and is
provisioned with the preconfigured radio parameters for PS that are
associated with known Geographical Area, or

\- The UE is associated with a serving cell on a carrier different than
the PS carrier, and the radio parameters for PS that are provided by the
serving cell, or

\- The UE is associated with a serving cell on a carrier different than
the PS carrier, and has a non-serving cell selected on the PS carrier
with the preconfigured radio parameters.

When the advanced-V2X or PS UE is not associated with a serving cell on
the V2X or PS carrier, and the UE does not have knowledge of its
geographical area, or is provisioned with preconfigured radio parameters
that are not associated with any Geographical Area, V2X or PS UE'
transmissions are not allowed, and the requirements in Section 6.3E.2
apply.

For a terminal that supports operation in shared spectrum, the current
version of this specification assumes in the uplink sub-bands within a
wideband channel shall be contiguously allocated to the UE. The uplink
requirements for one or more non-transmitted sub-bands between two
transmitted sub-bands does not form a part of the current version of
this specification.

Terminal that supports inter-band NR-DC configuration shall meet the
minimum requirements for corresponding CA configuration (suffix A),
unless otherwise specified.

A terminal which supports intra-band contiguous UL CA with UL MIMO shall
meet the separate corresponding requirements in suffix H with all UL CCs
with UL MIMO.

5 Operating bands and channel arrangement
=========================================

5.1 General
-----------

The channel arrangements presented in this clause are based on the
operating bands and channel bandwidths defined in the present release of
specifications.

NOTE: Other operating bands and channel bandwidths may be considered in
future releases.

Requirements throughout the RF specifications are in many cases defined
separately for different frequency ranges (FR). The frequency ranges in
which NR can operate according to this version of the specification are
identified as described in Table 5.1-1. Whenever the FR2 is referred,
both FR2-1 and FR2-2 frequency sub-ranges shall be considered, unless
otherwise stated.

Table 5.1-1: Definition of frequency ranges

  **Frequency range designation**   **Corresponding frequency range**   
  --------------------------------- ----------------------------------- ------------------------
  FR1                               410 MHz -- 7125 MHz                 
  FR2                               FR2-1                               24250 MHz -- 52600 MHz
                                    FR2-2                               52600 MHz -- 71000 MHz

The present specification covers FR1 operating bands.

5.2 Operating bands
-------------------

NR is designed to operate in the FR1 operating bands defined in
Table 5.2-1.

Table 5.2-1: NR operating bands in FR1

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| NR operating    | Uplink (UL)     | Downlink (DL)   | Duplex Mode |
| band            | *operating      | *operating      |             |
|                 | band*\          | band*\          |             |
|                 | BS receive / UE | BS transmit /   |             |
|                 | transmit        | UE receive      |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
|                 | F~UL\_low~ --   | F~DL\_low~ --   |             |
|                 | F~UL\_high~     | F~DL\_high~     |             |
+=================+=================+=================+=============+
| n1              | 1920 MHz --     | 2110 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1980 MHz        | 2170 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n2              | 1850 MHz --     | 1930 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1910 MHz        | 1990 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n3              | 1710 MHz --     | 1805 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1785 MHz        | 1880 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n5              | 824 MHz -- 849  | 869 MHz -- 894  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n7              | 2500 MHz --     | 2620 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 2570 MHz        | 2690 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n8              | 880 MHz -- 915  | 925 MHz -- 960  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n12             | 699 MHz -- 716  | 729 MHz -- 746  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n13             | 777 MHz -- 787  | 746 MHz -- 756  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n14             | 788 MHz -- 798  | 758 MHz -- 768  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n18             | 815 MHz -- 830  | 860 MHz -- 875  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n20             | 832 MHz -- 862  | 791 MHz -- 821  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n24^16^         | 1626.5 MHz --   | 1525 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1660.5 MHz      | 1559 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n25             | 1850 MHz --     | 1930 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1915 MHz        | 1995 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n26             | 814 MHz -- 849  | 859 MHz -- 894  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n28             | 703 MHz -- 748  | 758 MHz -- 803  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n29^15^         | N/A             | 717 MHz -- 728  | SDL         |
|                 |                 | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n30^3^          | 2305 MHz --     | 2350 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 2315 MHz        | 2360 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n34             | 2010 MHz --     | 2010 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 2025 MHz        | 2025 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n38^10^         | 2570 MHz --     | 2570 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 2620 MHz        | 2620 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n39             | 1880 MHz --     | 1880 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 1920 MHz        | 1920 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n40             | 2300 MHz --     | 2300 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 2400 MHz        | 2400 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n41             | 2496 MHz --     | 2496 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 2690 MHz        | 2690 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n46^13,14^      | 5150 MHz --     | 5150 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 5925 MHz        | 5925 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n47^11^         | 5855 MHz --     | 5855 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 5925 MHz        | 5925 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n48             | 3550 MHz --     | 3550 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 3700 MHz        | 3700 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n50^1^          | 1432 MHz --     | 1432 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 1517 MHz        | 1517 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n51             | 1427 MHz --     | 1427 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 1432 MHz        | 1432 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n53             | 2483.5 MHz --   | 2483.5 MHz --   | TDD         |
|                 | 2495 MHz        | 2495 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n65^4^          | 1920 MHz --     | 2110 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 2010 MHz        | 2200 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n66^6,7^        | 1710 MHz --     | 2110 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1780 MHz        | 2200 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n67^19^         | N/A             | 738 MHz -- 758  | SDL         |
|                 |                 | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n70             | 1695 MHz --     | 1995 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1710 MHz        | 2020 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n71             | 663 MHz -- 698  | 617 MHz -- 652  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n74             | 1427 MHz --     | 1475 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | 1470 MHz        | 1518 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n75^2,19^       | N/A             | 1432 MHz --     | SDL         |
|                 |                 | 1517 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n76^19^         | N/A             | 1427 MHz --     | SDL         |
|                 |                 | 1432 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n77^12^         | 3300 MHz --     | 3300 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 4200 MHz        | 4200 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n78             | 3300 MHz --     | 3300 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 3800 MHz        | 3800 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n79^17^         | 4400 MHz --     | 4400 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 5000 MHz        | 5000 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n80             | 1710 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 1785 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n81             | 880 MHz -- 915  | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | MHz             |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n82             | 832 MHz -- 862  | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | MHz             |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n83             | 703 MHz -- 748  | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | MHz             |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n84             | 1920 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 1980 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n85             | 698 MHz -- 716  | 728 MHz -- 746  | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | MHz             |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n86             | 1710 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 1780 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n89             | 824 MHz -- 849  | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | MHz             |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n90^5^          | 2496 MHz --     | 2496 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 2690 MHz        | 2690 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n91^9^          | 832 MHz -- 862  | 1427 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | 1432 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n92^9^          | 832 MHz -- 862  | 1432 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | 1517 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n93^9^          | 880 MHz -- 915  | 1427 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | 1432 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n94^9^          | 880 MHz -- 915  | 1432 MHz --     | FDD         |
|                 | MHz             | 1517 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n95^8^          | 2010 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 2025 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n96^13,14^      | 5925 MHz --     | 5925 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 7125 MHz        | 7125 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n97^15^         | 2300 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 2400 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n98^15^         | 1880 MHz --     | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 1920 MHz        |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n99^21^         | 1626.5 MHz --   | N/A             | SUL         |
|                 | 1660.5 MHz      |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n100^20^        | 874.4 MHz --    | 919.4 MHz --    | FDD         |
|                 | 880 MHz         | 925 MHz         |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n101^20^        | 1900 MHz --     | 1900 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 1910 MHz        | 1910 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n102^13,14^     | 5925 MHz --     | 5925 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 6425 MHz        | 6425 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| n104^17,18^     | 6425 MHz --     | 6425 MHz --     | TDD         |
|                 | 7125 MHz        | 7125 MHz        |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: UE that |                 |                 |             |
| complies with   |                 |                 |             |
| the NR Band n50 |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements in |                 |                 |             |
| this            |                 |                 |             |
| spe             |                 |                 |             |
| cificationshall |                 |                 |             |
| also comply     |                 |                 |             |
| with the NR     |                 |                 |             |
| Band n51        |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements.   |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 2: UE that |                 |                 |             |
| complies with   |                 |                 |             |
| the NR Band n75 |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements in |                 |                 |             |
| this            |                 |                 |             |
| spe             |                 |                 |             |
| cificationshall |                 |                 |             |
| also comply     |                 |                 |             |
| with the NR     |                 |                 |             |
| Band n76        |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements.   |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 3: Uplink  |                 |                 |             |
| transmission is |                 |                 |             |
| not allowed at  |                 |                 |             |
| this band for   |                 |                 |             |
| UE with         |                 |                 |             |
| external        |                 |                 |             |
| vehicle-mounted |                 |                 |             |
| antennas.       |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 4: A UE    |                 |                 |             |
| that complies   |                 |                 |             |
| with the NR     |                 |                 |             |
| Band n65        |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements in |                 |                 |             |
| this            |                 |                 |             |
| specification   |                 |                 |             |
| shall also      |                 |                 |             |
| comply with the |                 |                 |             |
| NR Band n1      |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements.   |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 5: Unless  |                 |                 |             |
| otherwise       |                 |                 |             |
| stated, the     |                 |                 |             |
| applicability   |                 |                 |             |
| of requirements |                 |                 |             |
| for Band n90 is |                 |                 |             |
| in accordance   |                 |                 |             |
| with that for   |                 |                 |             |
| Band n41; a UE  |                 |                 |             |
| supporting Band |                 |                 |             |
| n90 shall meet  |                 |                 |             |
| the             |                 |                 |             |
| requirements    |                 |                 |             |
| for Band n41. A |                 |                 |             |
| UE supporting   |                 |                 |             |
| Band n90 shall  |                 |                 |             |
| also support    |                 |                 |             |
| band n41.       |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 6: A UE    |                 |                 |             |
| that supports   |                 |                 |             |
| NR Band n66     |                 |                 |             |
| shall receive   |                 |                 |             |
| in the entire   |                 |                 |             |
| DL operating    |                 |                 |             |
| band.           |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 7: A UE    |                 |                 |             |
| that supports   |                 |                 |             |
| NR Band n66 and |                 |                 |             |
| CA operation in |                 |                 |             |
| any CA band     |                 |                 |             |
| shall also      |                 |                 |             |
| comply with the |                 |                 |             |
| minimum         |                 |                 |             |
| requirements    |                 |                 |             |
| specified for   |                 |                 |             |
| the DL CA       |                 |                 |             |
| configurations  |                 |                 |             |
| CA\_n66B and    |                 |                 |             |
| CA\_n66(2A) in  |                 |                 |             |
| the current     |                 |                 |             |
| version of the  |                 |                 |             |
| specification.  |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 8: This    |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| applicable in   |                 |                 |             |
| China only.     |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 9:         |                 |                 |             |
| Variable duplex |                 |                 |             |
| operation does  |                 |                 |             |
| not enable      |                 |                 |             |
| dynamic         |                 |                 |             |
| variable duplex |                 |                 |             |
| configuration   |                 |                 |             |
| by the network, |                 |                 |             |
| and is used     |                 |                 |             |
| such that DL    |                 |                 |             |
| and UL          |                 |                 |             |
| frequency       |                 |                 |             |
| ranges are      |                 |                 |             |
| supported       |                 |                 |             |
| independently   |                 |                 |             |
| in any valid    |                 |                 |             |
| frequency range |                 |                 |             |
| for the band.   |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 10: When   |                 |                 |             |
| this band is    |                 |                 |             |
| used for V2X SL |                 |                 |             |
| service, the    |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| exclusively     |                 |                 |             |
| used for NR V2X |                 |                 |             |
| in particular   |                 |                 |             |
| regions.        |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 11: This   |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| unlicensed band |                 |                 |             |
| used for V2X    |                 |                 |             |
| service. There  |                 |                 |             |
| is no expected  |                 |                 |             |
| network         |                 |                 |             |
| deployment in   |                 |                 |             |
| this band.      |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 12: In the |                 |                 |             |
| USA this band   |                 |                 |             |
| is restricted   |                 |                 |             |
| to 3450 -- 3550 |                 |                 |             |
| MHz and 3700 -- |                 |                 |             |
| 3980 MHz. In    |                 |                 |             |
| Canada this     |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| restricted to   |                 |                 |             |
| 3450 -- 3650    |                 |                 |             |
| MHz and 3650 -- |                 |                 |             |
| 3980 MHz.       |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 13: This   |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| restricted to   |                 |                 |             |
| operation with  |                 |                 |             |
| shared spectrum |                 |                 |             |
| channel access  |                 |                 |             |
| as defined in   |                 |                 |             |
| TS 37.213       |                 |                 |             |
| \[14\].         |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 14: This   |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| applicable only |                 |                 |             |
| in              |                 |                 |             |
| co              |                 |                 |             |
| untries/regions |                 |                 |             |
| designating     |                 |                 |             |
| this band for   |                 |                 |             |
| shared-spectrum |                 |                 |             |
| access use      |                 |                 |             |
| subject to      |                 |                 |             |
| c               |                 |                 |             |
| ountry-specific |                 |                 |             |
| conditions.     |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 15: The    |                 |                 |             |
| requirements    |                 |                 |             |
| for this band   |                 |                 |             |
| are applicable  |                 |                 |             |
| only where no   |                 |                 |             |
| other NR or     |                 |                 |             |
| E-UTRA TDD      |                 |                 |             |
| operating       |                 |                 |             |
| band(s) are     |                 |                 |             |
| used within the |                 |                 |             |
| frequency range |                 |                 |             |
| of this band in |                 |                 |             |
| the same        |                 |                 |             |
| geographical    |                 |                 |             |
| area. For       |                 |                 |             |
| scenarios where |                 |                 |             |
| other NR or     |                 |                 |             |
| E-UTRA TDD      |                 |                 |             |
| operating       |                 |                 |             |
| band(s) are     |                 |                 |             |
| used within the |                 |                 |             |
| frequency range |                 |                 |             |
| of this band in |                 |                 |             |
| the same        |                 |                 |             |
| geographical    |                 |                 |             |
| area, special   |                 |                 |             |
| co-existence    |                 |                 |             |
| requirements    |                 |                 |             |
| may apply that  |                 |                 |             |
| are not covered |                 |                 |             |
| by the 3GPP     |                 |                 |             |
| specifications. |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 16: DL     |                 |                 |             |
| operation in    |                 |                 |             |
| this band is    |                 |                 |             |
| restricted to   |                 |                 |             |
| 1526 -- 1536    |                 |                 |             |
| MHz and UL      |                 |                 |             |
| operation is    |                 |                 |             |
| restricted to   |                 |                 |             |
| 1627.5 --       |                 |                 |             |
| 1637.5 MHz and  |                 |                 |             |
| 1646.5 --       |                 |                 |             |
| 1656.5 MHz.     |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 17: For    |                 |                 |             |
| this band,      |                 |                 |             |
| CORESET\#0      |                 |                 |             |
| values from     |                 |                 |             |
| Table 13-5 or   |                 |                 |             |
| Table 13-6 in   |                 |                 |             |
| \[8, TS         |                 |                 |             |
| 38.213\] are    |                 |                 |             |
| applied         |                 |                 |             |
| regardless of   |                 |                 |             |
| the minimum     |                 |                 |             |
| channel         |                 |                 |             |
| bandwidth.      |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 18: This   |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| applicable only |                 |                 |             |
| in              |                 |                 |             |
| co              |                 |                 |             |
| untries/regions |                 |                 |             |
| designating     |                 |                 |             |
| this band       |                 |                 |             |
| for IMT         |                 |                 |             |
| licensed        |                 |                 |             |
| operation       |                 |                 |             |
| subject to      |                 |                 |             |
| c               |                 |                 |             |
| ountry-specific |                 |                 |             |
| conditions.     |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 19: For    |                 |                 |             |
| SDL bands,      |                 |                 |             |
| downlink        |                 |                 |             |
| configuration   |                 |                 |             |
| for RRM         |                 |                 |             |
| performance     |                 |                 |             |
| testing is same |                 |                 |             |
| as FDD.         |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 20: This   |                 |                 |             |
| band is         |                 |                 |             |
| applicable only |                 |                 |             |
| in countries    |                 |                 |             |
| subject to ECC  |                 |                 |             |
| Decision (20)02 |                 |                 |             |
| \[16\], for the |                 |                 |             |
| FRMCS           |                 |                 |             |
| application.    |                 |                 |             |
|                 |                 |                 |             |
| NOTE 21: UL     |                 |                 |             |
| operation in    |                 |                 |             |
| this band is    |                 |                 |             |
| restricted to   |                 |                 |             |
| 1627.5 --       |                 |                 |             |
| 1637.5 MHz and  |                 |                 |             |
| 1646.5 --       |                 |                 |             |
| 1656.5 MHz.     |                 |                 |             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-------------+

5.2A Operating bands for CA
---------------------------

### 5.2A.0 General

CA operating bands including Band n90 are defined by the corresponding
CA operating bands including Band n41 with Band n90 replacing Band n41.
For brevity the said CA operating bands including Band n90 are not
listed in the tables below but are covered by this specification.

### 5.2A.1 Intra-band CA

NR intra-band carrier aggregation is designed to operate in the
operating bands defined in Table 5.2A.1-1 and Table 5.2A.1-2, where all
operating bands are within FR1.

Table 5.2A.1-1: Intra-band contiguous CA operating bands in FR1

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NR CA Band                                          | NR Band       |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (Table 5.2-1) |
+=====================================================+===============+
| CA\_n1                                              | n1            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n2                                              | n2            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n3                                              | n3            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n5                                              | n5            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n7                                              | n7            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n25                                             | n25           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n38                                             | n38           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n40                                             | n40           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n41                                             | n41           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n46                                             | n46           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n48                                             | n48           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n66                                             | n66           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n71                                             | n71           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n77                                             | n77           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n78                                             | n78           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n79                                             | n79           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n96                                             | n96           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: The minimum requirements only apply for non |               |
| simultaneous Tx/Rx between all carriers for TDD     |               |
| combinations.                                       |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

Table 5.2A.1-2: Intra-band non-contiguous CA operating bands in FR1

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NR CA Band                                          | NR Band       |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (Table 5.2-1) |
+=====================================================+===============+
| CA\_n1(\*)                                          | n1            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n3(\*)                                          | n3            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n5(\*)                                          | n5            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n7(\*)                                          | n7            |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n12(\*)                                         | n12           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n25(\*)                                         | n25           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n41(\*)                                         | n41           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n48(\*)                                         | n48           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n66(\*)                                         | n66           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n71(\*)                                         | n71           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n77(\*)                                         | n77           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n78(\*)                                         | n78           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n96(\*)                                         | n96           |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: The minimum requirements only apply for non |               |
| simultaneous Tx/Rx between all carriers for TDD     |               |
| combinations.                                       |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 2: The notation CA\_nX(\*) in this table       |               |
| indicates intra-band non-contiguous CA for band nX. |               |
| The configurations for each band are in 5.5A.2.     |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

### 5.2A.2 Inter-band CA

NR inter-band carrier aggregation is designed to operate in the
operating bands defined in Table 5.2A.2.1-1, Table 5.2A.2.2-1,
Table 5.2A.2.3-1 and Table 5.2A.2.4-1, where all operating bands are
within FR1.

If the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability applies for a lower order
band combination, when the applicable lower order band combination is a
band pair in a higher order band combination, the mandatory simultaneous
Rx/Tx capability also applies for the band pair in the higher order band
combination.

Table 5.2A.2-1: Void

Table 5.2A.2-2: Void

Table 5.2A.2-3: Void

#### 5.2A.2.1 Inter-band CA (**two bands)**

Table 5.2A.2.1-1: Inter-band CA operating bands involving FR1 (two
bands)

+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| NR CA Band              | NR Band       | DL interruption allowed |
|                         |               | (Note 8)                |
|                         | (Table 5.2-1) |                         |
+=========================+===============+=========================+
| CA\_n1-n3               | n1, n3        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5               | n1, n5        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7               | n1, n7        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8               | n1, n8        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n18              | n1, n18       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n1-n20**          | **n1, n20**   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28              | n1, n28       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n38              | n1, n38       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n40              | n1, n40       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n1-n41**^1^       | n1, n41       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n67              | n1, n67       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n74              | n1, n74       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n77^1^           | n1, n77       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n78^1^           | n1, n78       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n1-n79^1^           | n1, n79       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5               | n2, n5        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n2-n7**           | n2, n7        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n2-n12**          | n2, n12       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n2-n14**          | n2, n14       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n29              | n2, n29       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n30              | n2, n30       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n48              | n2, n48       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n66              | n2, n66       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n2-n77              | n2, n77       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n2-n78**          | n2, n78       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n5               | n3, n5        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7               | n3, n7        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8               | n3, n8        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n18              | n3, n18       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n3-n20**          | **n3, n20**   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28              | n3, n28       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n34^1^           | n3, n34       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n38              | n3, n38       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n40^1^           | n3, n40       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n41^1^           | n3, n41       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n67              | n3, n67       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n74              | n3, n74       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n75              | n3, n75       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n77^1^           | n3, n77       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n78^1^           | n3, n78       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n3-n79^1^           | n3, n79       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7               | n5, n7        |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n12              | n5, n12       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n14              | n5, n14       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n25              | n5, n25       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n5-n28**          | n5, n28       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n29              | n5, n29       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n30              | n5, n30       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n40              | n5, n40       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n48              | n5, n48       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n66              | n5, n66       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n77^1^           | n5, n77       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n78^1^           | n5, n78       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n5-n79^1^           | n5, n79       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n7-n8**           | **n7, n8**    |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n7-n25**          | n7, n25       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n7-n28              | n7, n28       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n7-n40**          | **n7, n40**   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n7-n46^6^**       | **n7, n46**   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n7-n66              | n7, n66       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n7-n77              | n7, n77       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n7-n78^1^           | n7, n78       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n7-n79              | n7, n79       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n8-n20              | n8, n20       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n8-n28**          | n8, n28       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n8-n34^1^           | n8, n34       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n8-n38**          | n8, n38       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n8-n39^1^           | n8, n39       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n8-n40^1^           | n8, n40       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n8-n41^1^           | n8, n41       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n8-n75^1^           | n8, n75       |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n8-n77^1^**       | **n8, n77**   |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n8-n78^1^           | n8, n78       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n8-n79^1^           | n8, n79       | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n12-n25             | n12, n25      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n12-n30             | n12, n30      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n12-n48             | n12, n48      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n12-n66             | n12, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n12-n71             | n12, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n12-n77**         | n12, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n13-n25             | n13, n25      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n13-n66             | n13, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n13-n77**         | n13, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n14-n30             | n14, n30      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n14-n66             | n14, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n14-n77**         | n14, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n18-n28             | n18, n28      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n18-n41^1^          | n18, n41      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n18-n74**         | n18, n74      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n18-n77^10^         | n18, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n18-n78^11^         | n18, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n20-n28^2^          | n20, n28      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n20-n40**         | **n20, n40**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n20-n67**         | n20, n67      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n20-n75**         | n20, n75      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n20-n78             | n20, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n24-n41             | n24, n41      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n24-n48             | n24, n48      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n24-n77             | n24, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n29             | n25, n29      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n38             | n25, n38      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41             | n25, n41      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n46**^6^**      | n25, n46      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n48             | n25, n48      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n25-n66**         | n25, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n25-n71             | n25, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n25-n77**         | n25, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n25-n78**         | n25, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n26-n66**         | n26, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n26-n70**         | n26, n70      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n34             | n28, n34      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n28-n38**         | n28, n38      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n39             | n28, n39      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n28-n40**^1^      | n28, n40      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n28-n41**^1^      | n28, n41      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n28-n46^6^**      | **n28, n46**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n50             | n28, n50      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n28-n71^12^**     | **n28, n71**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n28-n74**         | **n28, n74**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n75^2^          | n28, n75      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n77^1^          | n28, n77      | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n78^1^          | n28, n78      | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n28-n79^1^          | n28, n79      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n29-n30             | n29, n30      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n29-n66             | n29, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n29-n70             | n29, n70      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n29-n71             | n29, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n29-n77             | n29, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n30-n66             | **n30, n66**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n30-n77**         | **n30, n77**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n34-n40             | **n34, n40**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n34-n41^9^          | **n34, n41**  |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n34-n79^1^          | n34, n79      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n38-n40^9^          | n38, n40      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n38-n66**         | n38, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n38-n71**         | n38, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n38-n78^1^          | n38, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n38-n79^1^          | n38, n79      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n39-n40             | n39, n40      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n39-n41             | n39, n41      | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n39-n79^1^          | n39, n79      | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n40-n41             | n40, n41      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n40-n77^1^          | n40, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n40-n78**^1^**      | n40, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n40-n79^1,4^        | n40, n79      | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n41-n48^1^**      | n41, n48      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n50^1^          | n41, n50      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66             | n41, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n70             | n41, n70      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n71^1^          | n41, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n74             | n41, n74      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n41-n77^1^**      | n41, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n78**^1^**      | n41, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n41-n79^1,3^        | n41, n79      | No                      |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n46-n48^1,**6**^    | n46, n48      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n46-n66**^6^**      | n46, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n46-n78^1,6^**    | n46, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\                   | n46, n96      |                         |
| _n46-n96^15,16,17,18^** |               |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n48-n53^9^          | n48, n53      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n48-n66             | n48, n66      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n48-n70**         | n48, n70      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n48-n71**         | n48, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n48-n77^13,14,18^   | n48, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n48-n96^1,\ **6**^  | n48, n96      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n50-n78             | n50, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n66-n70             | n66, n70      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n66-n71             | n66, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n66-n77             | n66, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n66-n78             | n66, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n70-n71             | n70, n71      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n70-n78             | n70, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n71-n77             | n71, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n71-n78             | n71, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| **CA\_n74-n77**^1^      | n74, n77      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n74-n78^1^          | n74, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n75-n78^1^          | n75, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n76-n78^1^          | n76, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n77-n78^7^          | n77, n78      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n77-n79^7^          | n77, n79      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n78-n79^5^          | n78, n79      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| CA\_n78-n92             | n78, n92      |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Applicable for  |               |                         |
| UE supporting           |               |                         |
| inter-band carrier      |               |                         |
| aggregation with        |               |                         |
| mandatory simultaneous  |               |                         |
| Rx/Tx capability.       |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 2: The frequency   |               |                         |
| range in band n28 is    |               |                         |
| restricted for this     |               |                         |
| band combination to     |               |                         |
| 703-733 MHz for the UL  |               |                         |
| and 758-788 MHz for the |               |                         |
| DL.                     |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 3: The frequency   |               |                         |
| range below 2506 MHz    |               |                         |
| for Band n41 is not     |               |                         |
| used in this            |               |                         |
| combination.            |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 4: Applicable for  |               |                         |
| frequency range above   |               |                         |
| 4800 MHz for Band n79   |               |                         |
| in this combination.    |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 5: For UEs         |               |                         |
| supporting band n77,    |               |                         |
| the minimum             |               |                         |
| requirements apply only |               |                         |
| when there is           |               |                         |
| non-simultaneous Rx/Tx  |               |                         |
| operation between       |               |                         |
| n78-n79 NR carriers.    |               |                         |
| This restriction        |               |                         |
| applies also for these  |               |                         |
| carriers when           |               |                         |
| applicable NR CA        |               |                         |
| configuration is part   |               |                         |
| of a higher order       |               |                         |
| configuration.          |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 6: The PCell is    |               |                         |
| allocated in the        |               |                         |
| licensed band in this   |               |                         |
| combination.            |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 7: The minimum     |               |                         |
| requirements apply only |               |                         |
| when there is           |               |                         |
| non-simultaneous Rx/Tx  |               |                         |
| operation between       |               |                         |
| n77-n78 or n77-n79 NR   |               |                         |
| carriers. This          |               |                         |
| restriction applies     |               |                         |
| also for these carriers |               |                         |
| when applicable NR CA   |               |                         |
| configuration is part   |               |                         |
| of a higher order       |               |                         |
| configuration.          |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 8: Applicable when |               |                         |
| dynamic Tx switching is |               |                         |
| conducted. The DL       |               |                         |
| interruption            |               |                         |
| requirement is          |               |                         |
| specified in clause     |               |                         |
| 8.2.2.2.10 of 38.133    |               |                         |
| \[13\].                 |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 9: Only applicable |               |                         |
| for UE supporting       |               |                         |
| inter-band carrier      |               |                         |
| aggregation without     |               |                         |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx.     |               |                         |
| Same restrictions are   |               |                         |
| applied when applicable |               |                         |
| NR CA configuration is  |               |                         |
| part of a higher order  |               |                         |
| configurations.         |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 10 The frequency   |               |                         |
| range in band n77 is    |               |                         |
| restricted for this     |               |                         |
| band combination to     |               |                         |
| 3520-3560 MHz,          |               |                         |
| 3700-3800 MHz,          |               |                         |
| 4000-4100 MHz.          |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 11: The frequency  |               |                         |
| range in band n78 is    |               |                         |
| restricted for this     |               |                         |
| band combination to     |               |                         |
| 3520 -3560 MHz and      |               |                         |
| 3700-- 3800 MHz.        |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 12: The            |               |                         |
| implementation with 4   |               |                         |
| antennas is targeted    |               |                         |
| for FWA form factor for |               |                         |
| this band combination.  |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 13: Simultaneous   |               |                         |
| Rx/Tx capability for    |               |                         |
| TDD combinations does   |               |                         |
| not apply for UEs       |               |                         |
| supporting band n48     |               |                         |
| with an n77             |               |                         |
| implementation. Same    |               |                         |
| restrictions are        |               |                         |
| applied when applicable |               |                         |
| NR CA configuration is  |               |                         |
| part of a higher order  |               |                         |
| configurations.         |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 14: The band n48   |               |                         |
| and n77 will            |               |                         |
| synchronize their       |               |                         |
| uplink and downlink     |               |                         |
| configurations and in   |               |                         |
| commonly TDD network    |               |                         |
| coordination            |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 15: Simultaneous   |               |                         |
| Rx/Tx capability does   |               |                         |
| not apply for UEs       |               |                         |
| supporting CA\_n46-n96. |               |                         |
| Same restrictions are   |               |                         |
| applied when applicable |               |                         |
| NR CA configuration is  |               |                         |
| part of a higher order  |               |                         |
| configurations          |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 16: The minimum    |               |                         |
| requirements for        |               |                         |
| intra-band              |               |                         |
| non-contiguous CA/DC    |               |                         |
| apply for CA\_n46-n96   |               |                         |
| and related higher      |               |                         |
| order CA/DC             |               |                         |
| configurations.         |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 17: The            |               |                         |
| combination is not used |               |                         |
| alone as fall back mode |               |                         |
| of other band           |               |                         |
| combinations in which   |               |                         |
| UL in Band 48 is not    |               |                         |
| used.                   |               |                         |
|                         |               |                         |
| NOTE 18: The minimum    |               |                         |
| requirements for        |               |                         |
| inter-band CA apply     |               |                         |
| when the maximum power  |               |                         |
| spectral density        |               |                         |
| imbalance between       |               |                         |
| downlink carriers is    |               |                         |
| within 6 dB. The power  |               |                         |
| spectral density        |               |                         |
| imbalance condition     |               |                         |
| also applies for these  |               |                         |
| carriers when           |               |                         |
| applicable CA           |               |                         |
| configuration is a      |               |                         |
| subset of a higher      |               |                         |
| order CA configuration. |               |                         |
+-------------------------+---------------+-------------------------+

#### 5.2A.2.2 Inter-band CA (**three bands)**

**Table 5.2A.2.2-1: Inter-band CA operating bands involving FR1 (three
bands)**

+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| **NR CA Band**        | **NR Band**       | **DL interruption     |
|                       |                   | allowed**             |
|                       | **(Table 5.2-1)** |                       |
|                       |                   | **(Note 4)**          |
+=======================+===================+=======================+
| CA\_n1-n3-n5          | n1, n3, n5        |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7          | n1, n3, n7        |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n8          | n1, n3, n8        |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n18         | n1, n3, n18       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| **CA\_n1-n3-n20**     | n1, n3, n20       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n28         | n1, n3, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n41^3^      | n1, n3, n41       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n77         | n1, n3, n77       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n78^3^      | n1, n3, n78       | No for CA\_n1-n78,    |
|                       |                   | CA\_n3-n78            |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n79^3^      | n1, n3, n79       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n7          | n1, n5, n7        |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n28         | n1, n5, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n78         | n1, n5, n78       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n8          | n1, n7, n8        |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n28         | n1, n7, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n40         | n1, n7, n40       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n78^3^      | n1, n7, n78       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n79         | n1, n7, n79       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n28         | n1, n8, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n40         | n1, n8, n40       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n77         | n1, n8, n77       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n78^3^      | n1, n8, n78       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n79         | n1, n8, n79       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n18-n28        | n1, n18, n28      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n18-n41        | n1, n18, n41      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n18-n77        | n1, n18, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n20-n67        | n1, n20, n67      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n20-n78        | n1, n20, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n38        | n1, n28, n38      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n40        | n1, n28, n40      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n41^3^     | n1, n28, n41      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n77^3^     | n1, n28, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n78^3^     | n1, n28, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n79^3^     | n1, n28, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n38-n78        | n1, n38, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n40-n78        | n1, n40, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n41-n77^3^     | n1, n41, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n77-n79        | n1, n77, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n78-n79        | n1, n78, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n30         | n2, n5, n30       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n48         | n2, n5, n48       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n66         | n2, n5, n66       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n77         | n2, n5, n77       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n30        | n2, n12, n30      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n66        | n2, n12, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n77        | n2, n12, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n14-n30        | n2, n14, n30      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n14-n66        | n2, n14, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n14-n77        | n2, n14, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n29-n30        | n2, n29, n30      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n29-n66        | n2, n29, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n29-n77        | n2, n29, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n30-n66        | n2, n30, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n30-n77        | n2, n30, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n48-n66        | n2, n48, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n48-n77        | n2, n48, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n66-n77        | n2, n66, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n66-n78        | n2, n66, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n2-n71-n78        | n2, n71, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n5-n7          | n3, n5, n7        |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n5-n28         | n3, n5, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n5-n78         | n3, n5, n78       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n8          | n3, n7, n8        |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n28         | n3, n7, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n78^3^      | n3, n7, n78       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8-n28         | n3, n8, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8-n41         | n3, n8, n41       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8-n77         | n3, n8, n77       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8-n78^3^      | n3, n8, n78       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n8-n79         | n3, n8, n79       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n18-n28        | n3, n18, n28      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n18-n41        | n3, n18, n41      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n18-n77        | n3, n18, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n20-n67        | n3, n20, n67      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n20-n78        | n3, n20, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n41^3^     | n3, n28, n41      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n77^3^     | n3, n28, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n78^3^     | n3, n28, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n79^3^     | n3, n28, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n38-n40        | n3, n38, n40      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n40-n41        | n3, n40, n41      | No for CA n3-n40, CA  |
|                       |                   | n3-n41                |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n41-n77^3^     | n3, n41, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n41-n78^3^     | n3, n41, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n41-n79^3^     | n3, n41, n79      | No                    |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n3-n77-n79        | n3, n77, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n28         | n5, n7, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n7-n78         | n5, n7, n78       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n12-n77        | n5, n12, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n14-n77        | n5, n14, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n25-n66        | n5, n25, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n25-n77        | n5, n25, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n25-n78        | n5, n25, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n29-n77        | n5, n29, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n30-n66        | n5, n30, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n30-n77        | n5, n30, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n40-n78        | n5, n40, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n48-n66        | n5, n48, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n48-n77        | n5, n48, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n66-n77        | n5, n66, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n5-n66-n78        | n5, n66, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n8-n28         | n7, n8, n28       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n8-n40         | n7, n8, n40       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n8-n78         | n7, n8, n78       |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n25-n66        | n7, n25, n66      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n25-n77        | n7, n25, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n25-n78        | n7, n25, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n28-n78        | n7, n28, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n46-n78        | n7, n46, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n66-n78        | n7, n66, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n7-n66-n77        | n7, n66, n77      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n28-n78^3^     | n8, n28, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n38-n40        | n8, n38, n40      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n39-n41        | n8, n39, n41      | No for CA n8-n41, CA  |
|                       |                   | n39-n41               |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n40-n41        | n8, n40, n41      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n40-n78        | n8, n40, n78      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n41-n79^3^     | n8, n41, n79      | No                    |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n8-n78-n79        | n8, n78, n79      |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n12-n30-n66       | n12, n30, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n12-n30-n77       | n12, n30, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n12-n66-n77       | n12, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n13-n25-n66       | n13, n25, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n13-n25-n77       | n13, n25, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n13-n66-n77       | n13, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n14-n30-n66       | n14, n30, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n14-n30-n77       | n14, n30, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n14-n66-n77       | n14, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n18-n28-n41       | n18, n28, n41     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n18-n28-n77       | n18, n28, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n18-n41-n77       | n18, n41, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n20-n28-n78       | n20, n28, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| **CA\_n24-n41-n48**   | **n24, n41, n48** |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n24-n41-n77       | n24, n41, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| **CA\_n24-n48-n77**   | **n24, n48, n77** |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n77       | n25, n41, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n29-n66       | n25, n29, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n38-n78       | n25, n38, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n66       | n25, n41, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n71       | n25, n41, n71     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n77       | n25, n41, n77     | No for CA\_n1-n78,    |
|                       |                   | CA\_n3-n78            |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n78       | n25, n41, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n48-n66       | n25, n48, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n66-n71       | n25, n66, n71     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n66-n77       | n25, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n66-n78       | n25, n66, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n71-n77       | n25, n71, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n25-n71-n78       | n25, n71, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n26-n66-n70       | n26, n66, n70     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n38-n78       | n28, n38, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n39-n40       | n28, n39, n40     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n39-n41       | n28, n39, n41     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n39-n79       | n28, n39, n79     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n40-n78       | n28, n40, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n40-n79       | n28, n40, n79     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n41-n77^3^    | n28, n41, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n41-n78^3^    | n28, n41, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n41-n79^3^    | n28, n41, n79     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n46-n78       | n28, n46, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n77-n79       | n28, n77, n79     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n28-n78-n79       | n28, n78, n79     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n29-n30-n66       | n29, n30, n66     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n29-n30-n77       | n29, n30, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n29-n66-n70       | n29, n66, n70     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n29-n66-n77       | n29, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n30-n66-n77       | n30, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n38-n66-n78       | n38, n66, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n39-n40-n41       | n39, n40, n41     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n39-n40-n79       | n39, n40, n79     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n39-n41-n79       | n39, n41, n79     | No                    |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n40-n41-n79^1,2^  | n40, n41, n79     | No for CA n40-n79, CA |
|                       |                   | n41-n79               |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_ n41-n66-n71      | n41, n66, n71     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66-n77       | n41, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66-n78       | n41, n66, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n41-n70-n78       | n41, n70, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n41-n71-n77       | n41, n71, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n41-n71-n78       | n41, n71, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n46-n48-n96       | n46, n48, n96     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n48-n66-n70       | n48, n66, n70     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n48-n66-n71       | n48, n66, n71     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n48-n66-n77       | n48, n66, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n48-n70-n71       | n48, n70, n71     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n66-n70-n71       | n66, n70, n71     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n66-n71-n77       | n66, n71, n77     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| CA\_n66-n71-n78       | n66, n71, n78     |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+
| NOTE 1: The frequency |                   |                       |
| range below 2506 MHz  |                   |                       |
| for Band n41 is not   |                   |                       |
| used in this band     |                   |                       |
| combination.          |                   |                       |
|                       |                   |                       |
| NOTE 2: Applicable    |                   |                       |
| for frequency range   |                   |                       |
| above 4800 MHz for    |                   |                       |
| Band n79 in this band |                   |                       |
| combination.          |                   |                       |
|                       |                   |                       |
| NOTE 3: Applicable    |                   |                       |
| for UE supporting     |                   |                       |
| inter-band carrier    |                   |                       |
| aggregation with      |                   |                       |
| mandatory             |                   |                       |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx    |                   |                       |
| capability            |                   |                       |
|                       |                   |                       |
| NOTE 4: Applicable    |                   |                       |
| when dynamic Tx       |                   |                       |
| switching is          |                   |                       |
| conducted. The DL     |                   |                       |
| interruption          |                   |                       |
| requirement is        |                   |                       |
| specified in clause   |                   |                       |
| 8.2.2.2.10 of 38.133  |                   |                       |
| \[13\].               |                   |                       |
+-----------------------+-------------------+-----------------------+

#### 5.2A.2.3 Inter-band CA (**four bands)**

**Table 5.2A.2.3-1: Inter-band CA operating bands involving FR1 (four
bands)**

+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| NR CA Band                                     | NR Band            |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | (Table 5.2-1)      |
+================================================+====================+
| CA\_n1-n3-n5-n7                                | n1, n3, n5, n7     |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n5-n78                               | n1, n3, n5, n78    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n28                               | n1, n3, n7, n28    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n78                               | n1, n3, n7, n78    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n8-n77                               | n1, n3, n8, n77    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n8-n78                               | n1, n3, n8, n78    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n18-n28                              | n1, n3, n18, n28   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n18-n41                              | n1, n3, n18, n41   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n18-n77                              | n1, n3, n18, n77   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n28-n41                              | n1, n3, n28, n41   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n28-n77^1^                           | n1, n3, n28, n77   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n28-n78                              | n1, n3, n28, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n28-n79^1^                           | n1, n3, n28, n79   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n41-n77                              | n1, n3, n41, n77   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n77-n79                              | n1, n3, n77, n79   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n5-n7-n78                               | n1, n5, n7, n78    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n8-n40                               | n1, n7, n8, n40    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n8-n78                               | n1, n7, n8, n78    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n28-n78                              | n1, n7, n28, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n7-n40-n78                              | n1, n7, n40, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n40-n78                              | n1, n8, n40, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n8-n78-n79                              | n1, n8, n78, n79   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n18-n28-n41                             | n1, n18, n28, n41  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n18-n28-n77                             | n1, n18, n28, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n18-n41-n77                             | n1, n18, n41, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n40-n78                             | n1, n28, n40, n78  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n41-n77                             | n1, n28, n41, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1-n28-n77-n79                             | n1, n28, n77, n79  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n30-n66                              | n2, n5, n30, n66   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n30-n77                              | n2, n5, n30, n77   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n48-n66                              | n2, n5, n48, n66   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n48-n77                              | n2, n5, n48, n77   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n5-n66-n77                              | n2, n5, n66, n77   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n30-n66                             | n2, n12, n30, n66  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n30-n77                             | n2, n12, n30, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n12-n66-n77                             | n2, n12, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n14-n30-n66                             | n2, n14, n30, n66  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n14-n30-n77                             | n2, n14, n30, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n14-n66-n77                             | n2, n14, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n29-n30-n66                             | n2, n29, n30, n66  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n29-n30-n77                             | n2, n29, n30, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n29-n66-n77                             | n2, n29, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n48-n66-n77                             | n2, n48, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n2-n66-n71-n78                             | n2, n66, n71, n78  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n5-n7-n78                               | n3, n5, n7, n78    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n7-n28-n78                              | n3, n7, n28, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n18-n28-n41                             | n3, n18, n28, n41  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n18-n28-n77                             | n3, n18, n28, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n18-n41-n77                             | n3, n18, n41, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n41-n77                             | n3, n28, n41, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n77-n79                             | n3, n28, n77, n79  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3-n28-n41-n78                             | n3, n28, n41, n78  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n5-n25-n66-n77                             | n5, n25, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n5-n25-n66-n78                             | n5, n25, n66, n78  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n5-n30-n66-n77                             | n5, n30, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n5-n48-n66-n77                             | n5, n48, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n7-n8-n40-n78                              | n7, n8, n40, n78   |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n7-n25-n66-n77                             | n7, n25, n66, n77  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n7-n25-n66-n78                             | n7, n25, n66, n78  |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n12-n30-n66-n77                            | n12, n30, n66, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n13-n25-n66-n77                            | n13, n25, n66, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n14-n30-n66-n77                            | n14, n30, n66, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n18-n28-n41-n77                            | n18, n28, n41, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n38-n66-n78                            | n25, n38, n66, n78 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n66-n71                            | n25, n41, n66, n71 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n66-n77                            | n25, n41, n66, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n66-n78                            | n25, n41, n66, n78 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n71-n77                            | n25, n41, n71, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n41-n71-n78                            | n25, n41, n71, n78 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n66-n71-n77                            | n25, n66, n71, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n25-n66-n71-n78                            | n25, n66, n71, n78 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n29-n30-n66-n77                            | n29, n30, n66, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66-n70-n78                            | n41, n66, n70, n78 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66-n71-n77                            | n41, n66, n71, n77 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41-n66-n71-n78                            | n41, n66, n71, n78 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| NOTE 1: Applicable for UE supporting           |                    |
| inter-band carrier aggregation with mandatory  |                    |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx capability.                 |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+

#### 5.2A.2.4 Inter-band CA (**five bands)**

**Table 5.2A.2.4-1: Inter-band CA operating bands involving FR1 (five
bands)**

+----------------------+----------------------+
| NR CA Band           | NR Band              |
|                      |                      |
|                      | (Table 5.2-1)        |
+======================+======================+
| CA\_n1-n3-n5-n7-n78  | n1, n3, n5, n7, n78  |
+----------------------+----------------------+
| CA\_n1-n3-n7-n28-n78 | n1, n3, n7, n28, n78 |
+----------------------+----------------------+

5.2B Operating bands for DC
---------------------------

The operating bands are specified in clause 5.5B for operation with NR
dual connectivity configured, where all operating bands are within FR1.

If the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability applies for a band
combination, the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability also applies
for the band combination when the applicable band combination is a
subset of a higher order band combination.

5.2C Operating band combination for SUL
---------------------------------------

NR operation is designed to operate in the operating band combination
defined in Table 5.2C-1, Table 5.2C-2, Table 5.2C-3 and Table 5.2C-4,
where all operating bands are within FR1.

If the mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability applies for a band
combination, when the applicable lower order band combination is a band
pair in a higher order band combination, the mandatory simultaneous
Rx/Tx capability also applies for the band pair in the higher order band
combination.

Table 5.2C-1: Operating band combination for SUL in FR1

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NR Band combination for SUL                         | NR Band       |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (Table 5.2-1) |
+=====================================================+===============+
| SUL\_n24-n99^2^                                     | n24, n99      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n41-n80^2^                                     | n41, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n41-n81^2^                                     | n41, n81      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n41-n83^2^                                     | n41, n83      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n41-n95^2^                                     | n41, n95      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n41-n97^2^                                     | n41, n97      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n41-n98^2^                                     | n41, n98      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n41-n99^2^                                     | n41, n99      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n48-n99^2^                                     | n48, n99      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n77-n80^2^                                     | n77, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n77-n84^2^                                     | n77, n84      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n77-n99^2^                                     | n77, n99      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n80^2^                                     | n78, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n81^2^                                     | n78, n81      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n82^2^                                     | n78, n82      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n83^2^                                     | n78, n83      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n84^2^                                     | n78, n84      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n78-n86^2^                                     | n78, n86      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n80^2^                                     | n79, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n81^2^                                     | n79, n81      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n83^2^                                     | n79, n83      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n84^2^                                     | n79, n84      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n95^2^                                     | n79, n95      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n97^2^                                     | n79, n97      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| SUL\_n79-n98^2^                                     | n79, n98      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: If a UE is configured with both NR UL and   |               |
| NR SUL carriers in a cell, the switching time       |               |
| between NR UL carrier and NR SUL carrier is 0 us.   |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 2: For UE supporting SUL band combination      |               |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx capability is mandatory.         |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

Table 5.2C-2: Operating SUL band combination with intra-band
non-contiguous CA in FR1

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NR Band combination for SUL                         | NR Band       |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (Table 5.2-1) |
+=====================================================+===============+
| CA\_n41(\*)-n99^2^                                  | n41, n99      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n48(\*)-n99^2^                                  | n48, n99      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n77(\*)-n99^2^                                  | n77, n99      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n78(\*)-n86^2^                                  | n78, n86      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: If a UE is configured with both NR UL and   |               |
| NR SUL carriers in a cell, the switching time       |               |
| between NR UL carrier and NR SUL carrier is 0 us.   |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 2: For UE supporting SUL band combination      |               |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx capability is mandatory.         |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 3: The notation CA\_nX(\*) in this table       |               |
| indicates intra-band non-contiguous CA for band nX. |               |
| The configurations for each band are in Table       |               |
| 5.5C-2.                                             |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

Table 5.2C-3: Operating SUL band combination with intra-band contiguous
CA in FR1

+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NR Band combination for SUL                         | NR Band       |
|                                                     |               |
|                                                     | (Table 5.2-1) |
+=====================================================+===============+
| CA\_n41-n80                                         | n41, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n41-n83                                         | n41, n83      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n41-n95                                         | n41, n95      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n78-n80                                         | n78, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n78-n84                                         | n78, n84      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n79-n80                                         | n79, n80      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n79-n83                                         | n79, n83      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| CA\_n79-n95                                         | n79, n95      |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: If a UE is configured with both NR UL and   |               |
| NR SUL carriers in a cell, the switching time       |               |
| between NR UL carrier and NR SUL carrier is 0 us.   |               |
|                                                     |               |
| NOTE 2: For UE supporting SUL band combination      |               |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx capability is mandatory.         |               |
+-----------------------------------------------------+---------------+

Table 5.2C-4: Operating SUL band combination with inter-band CA in FR1

+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| NR Band combination for SUL                    | NR Band            |
|                                                |                    |
|                                                | (Table 5.2-1)      |
+================================================+====================+
| CA\_n1\_n78-n80                                | n1, n78, n80       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n1\_n78-n84                                | n1, n78, n84       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3\_n41-n80                                | n3, n41, n80       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3\_n78-n80                                | n3, n78, n80       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n3\_n79-n80                                | n3, n79, n80       |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n28\_n41-n83                               | n28, n41, n83      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n28\_n79-n83                               | n28, n79, n83      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41\_n79-n80                               | n41, n79, n80      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41\_n79-n83                               | n41, n79, n83      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n41\_n79-n97                               | n41, n79, n97      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n79\_n41-n80                               | n41, n79, n80      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n79\_n41-n83                               | n41, n79, n83      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n79\_n41-n97                               | n41, n79, n97      |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n28-n79\_n41-n83                           | n28, n41, n79, n83 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| CA\_n28-n41\_n79-n83                           | n28, n41, n79, n83 |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| NOTE 1: If a UE is configured with both NR UL  |                    |
| and NR SUL carriers in a cell, the switching   |                    |
| time between NR UL carrier and NR SUL carrier  |                    |
| is 0 us.                                       |                    |
|                                                |                    |
| NOTE 2: For UE supporting SUL band combination |                    |
| simultaneous Rx/Tx capability is mandatory.    |                    |
+------------------------------------------------+--------------------+

5.2D Operating bands for UL MIMO
--------------------------------

NR is designed to support UL MIMO where all of the operating bands
are in FR1 defined in Table 5.2D-1.

Table 5.2D-1: NR operating bands for UL MIMO in FR1

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| NR operating band                                                    |
+======================================================================+
| n1                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n2                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n3                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n7                                                                   |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n24                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n25                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n30^1^                                                               |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n34                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n38                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n39                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n40                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n41                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n46                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n48                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n66                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n70                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n71^2^                                                               |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n77                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n78                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n79                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n80                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n84                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n95                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n96                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n97                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n98                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n99                                                                  |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| n102                                                                 |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Uplink transmission is not allowed at this band for UE with  |
| external vehicle-mounted antennas.                                   |
|                                                                      |
| NOTE 2: UL MIMO is targeted for FWA form factor.                     |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

5.2E Operating band for V2X
---------------------------

### 5.2E.1 V2X operating bands

NR V2X is designed to operate in the operating bands in FR1 defined in
Table 5.2E.1-1.

Table 5.2E.1-1 V2X operating bands in FR1

+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+----+-----+
| V2X    | Si     | Si     | Duplex | Int    |    |        |    |     |
| Ope    | delink | delink | Mode   | erface |    |        |    |     |
| rating | (SL)   | (SL)   |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| Band   | Transm | Rec    |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        | ission | eption |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        | ope    | ope    |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        | rating | rating |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        | band   | band   |        |        |    |        |    |     |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+----+-----+
|        | F~UL   | F~DL   |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        | \_low~ | \_low~ |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        | --     | --     |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        | F~UL\  | F~DL\  |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        | _high~ | _high~ |        |        |    |        |    |     |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+----+-----+
| n14^2^ | 788    | \-     | 798    | 788    | \- | 798    | HD | PC5 |
|        | MHz    |        | MHz    | MHz    |    | MHz    |    |     |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+----+-----+
| n38^1^ | 2570   | \-     | 2620   | 2570   | \- | 2620   | HD | PC5 |
|        | MHz    |        | MHz    | MHz    |    | MHz    |    |     |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+----+-----+
| n47    | 5855   | \-     | 5925   | 5855   | \- | 5925   | HD | PC5 |
|        | MHz    |        | MHz    | MHz    |    | MHz    |    |     |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+----+-----+
| n79    | 4400   | \-     | 5000   | 4400   | \- | 5000   | HD | PC5 |
|        | MHz    |        | MHz    | MHz    |    | MHz    |    |     |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+----+-----+
| Note   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| 1:     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| When   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| this   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| band   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| is     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| used   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| for    |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| V2X SL |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| se     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| rvice, |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| the    |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| band   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| is     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| exclu  |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| sively |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| used   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| for NR |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| V2X in |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| part   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| icular |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| re     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| gions. |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
|        |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| Note   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| 2:     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| When   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| this   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| band   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| is     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| used   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| for    |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| public |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| safety |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| se     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| rvice, |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| the NR |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| band   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| is     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| op     |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| erated |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| with   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| both   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| in-co  |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| verage |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| sce    |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| narios |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| and    |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| out    |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| -of-co |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| verage |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| scen   |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
| arios. |        |        |        |        |    |        |    |     |
+--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+----+--------+----+-----+

### 5.2E.2 V2X operating bands for concurrent operation

NR V2X operation is designed to operate concurrent with NR
uplink/downlink on the operating bands combinations listed in Table
5.2E.2-1 and Table 5.2E.2-2.

Table 5.2E.2-1 Inter-band concurrent V2X operating bands

  V2X concurrent operating Band   NR or V2X Operating Band   Interface
  ------------------------------- -------------------------- -----------
  V2X\_n1-n47                     n1                         Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n5-n47                     n5                         Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n8-n47                     n8                         Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n39-n47                    n39                        Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n40-n47                    n40                        Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n41-n47                    n41                        Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n71-n47                    n71                        Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n78-n47                    n78                        Uu
                                  n47                        PC5
  V2X\_n79-n47                    n79                        Uu
                                  n47                        PC5

Table 5.2E.2-2 Intra-band concurrent V2X operating bands

  V2X concurrent operating Band   NR or V2X Operating Band   Interface
  ------------------------------- -------------------------- -----------
  V2X\_n79-n79                    n79                        Uu
                                  n79                        PC5

5.3 UE channel bandwidth
------------------------

### 5.3.1 General

The UE channel bandwidth supports a single NR RF carrier in the uplink
or downlink at the UE. From a BS perspective, different UE channel
bandwidths may be supported within the same spectrum for transmitting to
and receiving from UEs connected to the BS. Transmission of multiple
carriers to the same UE (CA) or multiple carriers to different UEs
within the BS channel bandwidth can be supported.

From a UE perspective, the UE is configured with one or more BWP /
carriers, each with its own UE channel bandwidth. The UE does not need
to be aware of the BS channel bandwidth or how the BS allocates
bandwidth to different UEs.

The placement of the UE channel bandwidth for each UE carrier is
flexible but can only be completely within the BS channel bandwidth.

The relationship between the channel bandwidth, the guardband and the
maximum transmission bandwidth configuration is shown in Figure 5.3.1-1.

![](./media/image2.emf){width="6.041666666666667in" height="3.0in"}

Figure 5.3.1-1: Definition of the channel bandwidth and the maximum
transmission bandwidth configuration for one NR channel

### 5.3.2 Maximum transmission bandwidth configuration

The maximum transmission bandwidth configuration N~RB~ for each UE
channel bandwidth and subcarrier spacing is specified in Table 5.3.2-1.

Table 5.3.2-1: Maximum transmission bandwidth configuration N~RB~

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>SCS (kHz)</td>
<td><p>5</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>10</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>15</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>20</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>25</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>30</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>35</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>40</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>45</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>50</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>60</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>70</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>80</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>90</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>100</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
<td>N<sub>RB</sub></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>15</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>52</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>188</td>
<td>216</td>
<td>242</td>
<td>270</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>30</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>78</td>
<td>92</td>
<td>106</td>
<td>119</td>
<td>133</td>
<td>162</td>
<td>189</td>
<td>217</td>
<td>245</td>
<td>273</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>60</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>24</td>
<td>31</td>
<td>38</td>
<td>44</td>
<td>51</td>
<td>58</td>
<td>65</td>
<td>79</td>
<td>93</td>
<td>107</td>
<td>121</td>
<td>135</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### 5.3.3 Minimum guardband and transmission bandwidth configuration

The minimum guardband for each UE channel bandwidth and SCS is specified
in Table 5.3.3-1,

Table 5.3.3-1: Minimum guardband for each UE channel bandwidth and SCS
(kHz)

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>SCS (kHz)</td>
<td><p>5</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>10</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>15</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>20</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>25</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>30</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>35</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>40</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>45</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>50</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>60</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>70</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>80</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>90</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
<td><p>100</p>
<p>MHz</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>15</td>
<td>242.5</td>
<td>312.5</td>
<td>382.5</td>
<td>452.5</td>
<td>522.5</td>
<td>592.5</td>
<td>572.5</td>
<td>552.5</td>
<td>712.5</td>
<td>692.5</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>N/A</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>30</td>
<td>505</td>
<td>665</td>
<td>645</td>
<td>805</td>
<td>785</td>
<td>945</td>
<td>925</td>
<td>905</td>
<td>1065</td>
<td>1045</td>
<td>825</td>
<td>965</td>
<td>925</td>
<td>885</td>
<td>845</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>60</td>
<td>N/A</td>
<td>1010</td>
<td>990</td>
<td>1330</td>
<td>1310</td>
<td>1290</td>
<td>1630</td>
<td>1610</td>
<td>1590</td>
<td>1570</td>
<td>1530</td>
<td>1490</td>
<td>1450</td>
<td>1410</td>
<td>1370</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

NOTE: The minimum guardbands have been calculated using the following
equation: GB~channel~ = (BW~Channel~ x 1000 (kHz) - N~RB~ x SCS x 12) /
2 - SCS/2, where N~RB~ are from Table 5.3.2-1 and GB~channel~ expressed
in kHz.

Figure 5.3.3-1: Void

The number of RBs configured in any channel bandwidth shall ensure that
the minimum guardband specified in this clause is met.

![](./media/image3.png){width="4.197916666666667in" height="2.28125in"}

Figure 5.3.3-2: UE PRB utilization

In the case that multiple numerologies are multiplexed in the same
symbol due to BS transmission of SSB, the minimum guardband on each side
of the carrier is the guardband applied at the configured channel
bandwidth for the numerology that is received immediately adjacent to
the guard.

If multiple numerologies are multiplexed in the same symbol and the UE
channel bandwidth is \>50 MHz, the minimum guardband applied adjacent to
15 kHz SCS shall be the same as the minimum guardband defined for 30 kHz
SCS for the same UE channel bandwidth.

![](./media/image4.png){width="4.5625in" height="1.8958333333333333in"}

Figure 5.3.3-3 Guard band definition when transmitting multiple
numerologies

NOTE: Figure 5.3.3-3 is not intended to imply the size of any guard
between the two numerologies. Inter-numerology guard band within the
carrier is implementation dependent.

For a UE supporting wideband operation, the nominal intra-cell guard
bands and the corresponding sizes of the RB sets separated by the said
guard bands are as specified in Table 5.3.3-2 for each UE channel
bandwidth and sub-carrier spacing for the downlink and uplink. The
nominal intra-cell guard bands in Table 5.3.3-2 are applicable when the
respective IE *intraCellGuardBandsUL-List* and
*intraCellGuardBandsDL-List* \[7\] for the uplink and downlink are not
provided, as specified in \[10\] clause 7.

Table 5.3.3-2: Nominal intra-cell guard bands for wideband operation

+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| **SCS**     | **40 MHz** | **60 MHz**  | **80 MHz**  | **100 MHz** |
|             |            |             |             |             |
| **(kHz)**   |            |             |             |             |
+=============+============+=============+=============+=============+
| 15          | 105-6-105  | N/A         | N/A         | N/A         |
|             |            |             |             |             |
|             | \(216\)    |             |             |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 30          | 50-6-50    | 5           | 50-6-5      | 50-6-50-6-4 |
|             |            | 0-6-50-6-50 | 0-5-50-6-50 | 9-6-50-6-50 |
|             | \(106\)    |             |             |             |
|             |            | \(162\)     | \(217\)     | \(273\)     |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| 60          | 23-5-23    | 2           | 23-5-2      | 23-5-23-5-2 |
|             |            | 3-5-23-5-23 | 3-5-23-5-23 | 3-5-23-5-23 |
|             | \(51\)     |             |             |             |
|             |            | \(79\)      | \(107\)     | \(135\)     |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1: The |            |             |             |             |
| intra-cell  |            |             |             |             |
| guard band  |            |             |             |             |
| is denoted  |            |             |             |             |
| TBW         |            |             |             |             |
| ~0~-GB~0~-. |            |             |             |             |
| ..-GB~N\_RB |            |             |             |             |
| set-2~-TBW~ |            |             |             |             |
| N\_RBset-1~ |            |             |             |             |
| for         |            |             |             |             |
| N\_RBset \> |            |             |             |             |
| 1 number of |            |             |             |             |
| RB-sets     |            |             |             |             |
| with        |            |             |             |             |
| TBW*~r~*    |            |             |             |             |
| the maximum |            |             |             |             |
| t           |            |             |             |             |
| ransmission |            |             |             |             |
| bandwidth   |            |             |             |             |
| (PRB) of    |            |             |             |             |
| RB-set *r*  |            |             |             |             |
| and GB*~r~* |            |             |             |             |
| the guard   |            |             |             |             |
| band (PRB)  |            |             |             |             |
| above the   |            |             |             |             |
| upper edge  |            |             |             |             |
| of RB-set   |            |             |             |             |
| *r*. The    |            |             |             |             |
| RB-set 0 is |            |             |             |             |
| starting at |            |             |             |             |
| the first   |            |             |             |             |
| common      |            |             |             |             |
| resource    |            |             |             |             |
| block (CRB) |            |             |             |             |
| of the      |            |             |             |             |
| carrier as  |            |             |             |             |
| indicated   |            |             |             |             |
| by          |            |             |             |             |
| *offset     |            |             |             |             |
| ToCarrier*. |            |             |             |             |
| The total   |            |             |             |             |
| t           |            |             |             |             |
| ransmission |            |             |             |             |
| bandwidth   |            |             |             |             |
| co          |            |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |            |             |             |             |
| (size of    |            |             |             |             |
| resource    |            |             |             |             |
| grid)       |            |             |             |             |
| including   |            |             |             |             |
| guard bands |            |             |             |             |
| is given in |            |             |             |             |
| between     |            |             |             |             |
| p           |            |             |             |             |
| arentheses. |            |             |             |             |
+-------------+------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

For a UE that supports shared spectrum channel access, there are no
uplink or downlink intra-cell guard bands for operation with 10 MHz and
20 MHz channel bandwidths; the maximum transmission bandwidth
configurations for these channel bandwidths are in accordance with
clause 5.3.2.

For each UE channel bandwidth and sub-carrier spacing given by Table
5.3.3-2, the maximum transmission bandwidth configuration of the carrier
including intra-cell guard bands, if configured for the uplink and
downlink by the respective IE *intraCellGuardBandsUL-List* and
*intraCellGuardBandsDL-List* \[7\], and corresponding RB-set(s) shall be
in accordance with clause 5.3.2 with a minimum inter-cell guard band of
the UE channel bandwidth as specified in Table 5.3.3-1 for the uplink
and downlink. Minimum requirements specified for wideband operation in
Clause 6 and Clause 7 also apply for intra-cell guard bands larger than
the nominal sizes in Table 5.3.3-2 as listed in Table 5.3.3-3 for each
sub-carrier spacing; each guard band in order of CRB index must be
larger than or equal to the corresponding nominal guard band specified
in Table 5.3.3-2 for each channel bandwidth.

Table 5.3.3-3: Applicable intra-cell guard bands for wideband operation

  ----------------------------------------- ------ --------- ----------
  Parameter                                 Unit   SCS       
                                                   15 kHz    30 kHz
  Intra-cell guard band (size)              PRB    6,7       5,6,7
  Transmission bandwidth (size) of RB-set   PRB    104,105   49,50,51
  ----------------------------------------- ------ --------- ----------

If the UE is configured with zero width intra-cell guard bands for the
uplink and downlink by the IE *intraCellGuardBandsUL-List* and
*intraCellGuardBandsDL-List* \[7\] on a carrier greater than 20 MHz, the
maximum transmission bandwidth configuration for the uplink and downlink
shall be in accordance with clause 5.3.2 with a minimum inter-cell guard
band of the UE channel bandwidth as specified in Table 5.3.3-1.

### 5.3.4 RB alignment

For each numerology, its common resource blocks are specified in Clause
4.4.4.3 in TS 38.211 \[6\], and the starting point of its transmission
bandwidth configuration on the common resource block grid for a given
channel bandwidth is indicated by an offset to \"Reference point A\" in
the unit of the numerology. The *UE transmission bandwidth
configuration* is indicated by the higher layer parameter
*carrierBandwidth* \[7\] and will fulfil the minimum UE guardband
requirement specified in Clause 5.3.3.

### 5.3.5 UE channel bandwidth per operating band

The requirements in this specification apply to the combination of
channel bandwidths, SCS and operating bands shown in Table 5.3.5-1. The
transmission bandwidth configuration in Table 5.3.2-1 shall be supported
for each of the specified channel bandwidths. The channel bandwidths are
specified for both the TX and RX path.

Table 5.3.5-1: Channel bandwidths for each NR band

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>NR Band</th>
<th>SCS (kHz)</th>
<th>UE Channel bandwidth (MHz)</th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n1</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n2</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n3</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n5</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n7</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n8</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>35<sup>3,4</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>35<sup>3,4</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n12</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n13</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n14<sup>10</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n18</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n20</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n24</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n25</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>3,4</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>3,4</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>3,4</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n26</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n28</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>7</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>7</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n29</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n30</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n34</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n38<sup>10</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n39</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n40</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5<sup>5</sup></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n41</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5<sup>4,11</sup></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n46</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>5</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>5</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10<sup>5</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n47<sup>10</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n48</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5<sup>5</sup></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50<sup>6</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>60<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>70<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>80<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>90<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>100<sup>6</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>60<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>70<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>80<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>90<sup>6</sup></td>
<td>100<sup>6</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n50</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5<sup>5</sup></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n51</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n53</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n65</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n66</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>4</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>4</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>4</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n67</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n70</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n71</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>3,4</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>3</sup></td>
<td>35<sup>3,4</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n74</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n75</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n76</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n77</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n78</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n79<sup>10</sup></td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n80</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n81</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n82</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n83</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>7</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>25<sup>7</sup></td>
<td>30<sup>7</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n84</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n85</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n86</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n89</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n90</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>35<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>45<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n91</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10<sup>8</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n92</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n93</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10<sup>8</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n94</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n95</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n96</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n97</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n98</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n99</td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n100</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n101</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>n102</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td>80</td>
<td></td>
<td>100<sup>4</sup></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n104</td>
<td>15</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>60</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td></td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>NOTE 1: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 2: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 3: This UE channel bandwidth is applicable only to downlink.</p>
<p>NOTE 4: This UE channel bandwidth is optional in this release of the specification.</p>
<p>NOTE 5: For this bandwidth, the minimum requirements are restricted to operation when carrier is configured as an SCell part of DC or CA configuration.</p>
<p>NOTE 6: For this bandwidth, the minimum requirements are restricted to operation when carrier is configured as a downlink SCell part of CA configuration.</p>
<p>NOTE 7: For UEs supporting up to 30 MHz channel bandwidth, the minimum requirements are specified for any NR UL channel bandwidth confined to 703-733 MHz or 718-748 MHz</p>
<p>NOTE 8: This UE channel bandwidth is applicable only to uplink.</p>
<p>NOTE 9: Void.</p>
<p>NOTE 10: For this band, UE channel bandwidths which are applicable to sidelink operation are specified in Table 5.3E.1-1.</p>
<p>NOTE 11: Not all frequency positions of 5 MHz carriers are possible due limitations of the SSB position relative to the 5 MHz channels. 5 MHz channels with F<sub>c</sub> such that 2499+N*1.2 ≤F<sub>c</sub>&lt;2499.3+N*1.2MHz for 0≤N&lt;157 are not compatible with SSB positions and cannot be used for 5 MHz n41.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### 5.3.6 Asymmetric channel bandwidths

The UE channel bandwidth can be asymmetric in downlink and uplink. In
asymmetric channel bandwidth operation, the narrower carrier shall be
confined within the frequency range of the wider channel bandwidth.

In FDD, the confinement is defined as a maximum deviation to the Tx-Rx
carrier center frequency separation (defined in Table 5.4.4-1) as
following:

ΔF~TX-RX~ = \| (BW~DL~ -- BW~UL~)/2 \|

The operating bands and supported asymmetric channel bandwidth
combinations are defined in Table 5.3.6-1.

Table 5.3.6-1: FDD asymmetric UL and DL channel bandwidth combinations

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR Band        | Channel        | Channel        | **Asymmetric   |
|                | bandwidths for | bandwidths for | channel        |
|                | UL (MHz)       | DL (MHz)       | bandwidth      |
|                |                |                | combination    |
|                |                |                | set**          |
+================+================+================+================+
| n5             | 20             | 25             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n8             | 20             | 35             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n24            | 10             | 5              | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n25            | 40             | 45             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n26            | 20             | 25, 30         | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n66            | 5, 10          | 20, 40         | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 20             | 40             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 5, 10          | 20, 25, 30, 40 | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 20, 25, 30     | 40             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n70            | 5, 10          | 15             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 5, 10, 15      | 20, 25         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n71            | 5              | 10             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 10             | 15             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 15             | 20             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 5              | 10             | 1              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 10             | 15             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 15             | 20             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 20             | 35             |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 20             | 25, 30, 35     | 2              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n91^1^         | 10             | 5              | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n92^1^         | 5              | 10, 15, 20     | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 10             | 15, 20         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n93^1^         | 10             | 5              | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| n94^1^         | 5              | 10, 15, 20     | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 10             | 15, 20         |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The    |                |                |                |
| assignment of  |                |                |                |
| the paired UL  |                |                |                |
| and DL         |                |                |                |
| channels are   |                |                |                |
| subject to a   |                |                |                |
| TX-RX          |                |                |                |
| separation as  |                |                |                |
| specified in   |                |                |                |
| clause 5.4.4.  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: As     |                |                |                |
| indicated in   |                |                |                |
| TS38.306       |                |                |                |
| \[15\], it is  |                |                |                |
| mandatory for  |                |                |                |
| UEs to support |                |                |                |
| asymmetric     |                |                |                |
| channel BCS0   |                |                |                |
| if there is an |                |                |                |
| asymmetric     |                |                |                |
| BCS0 defined   |                |                |                |
| for the band.  |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

In TDD, the operating bands and supported asymmetric channel bandwidth
combinations are defined in Table 5.3.6-2.

Table 5.3.6-2: TDD asymmetric UL and DL channel bandwidth combinations

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR Band        | Channel        | Channel        | Asymmetric     |
|                | bandwidths for | bandwidths for | channel        |
|                | UL (MHz)       | DL (MHz)       | bandwidth      |
|                |                |                | combination    |
|                |                |                | set            |
+================+================+================+================+
| n50            | 60             | 80             | 0              |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: Both   |                |                |                |
| centre         |                |                |                |
| frequency and  |                |                |                |
| BWP-ID shall   |                |                |                |
| match between  |                |                |                |
| DL and UL      |                |                |                |
| carriers as    |                |                |                |
| defined in TS  |                |                |                |
| 38.331 \[7\]   |                |                |                |
| cl. 6.3.2 and  |                |                |                |
| TS 38.213      |                |                |                |
| \[8\] clause   |                |                |                |
| 12.            |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: In a   |                |                |                |
| case a UE is   |                |                |                |
| configured     |                |                |                |
| with a full    |                |                |                |
| width of BWP   |                |                |                |
| within both    |                |                |                |
| UL/ DL         |                |                |                |
| channels, the  |                |                |                |
| centre         |                |                |                |
| frequency of   |                |                |                |
| UL/ DL         |                |                |                |
| channels shall |                |                |                |
| be same.       |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: A      |                |                |                |
| position of    |                |                |                |
| Point A is     |                |                |                |
| common between |                |                |                |
| UL and DL      |                |                |                |
| carriers as    |                |                |                |
| defined in TS  |                |                |                |
| 38.331 \[7\]   |                |                |                |
| cl. 6.3.2.     |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

5.3A UE channel bandwidth for CA
--------------------------------

### 5.3A.1 General

Figure 5.3A.1-1: Void

Figure 5.3A.1-2: Void

### 5.3A.2 Maximum transmission bandwidth configuration for CA

For carrier aggregation, the maximum transmission bandwidth
configuration is defined per component carrier and the requirement is
specified in clause 5.3.2.

### 5.3A.3 Minimum guardband and transmission bandwidth configuration for CA

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, *Aggregated Channel
Bandwidth* and *Guard Bands* are defined as follows, see Figure
5.3A.3-1.

Figure 5.3A.3-1: Definition of *Aggregated Channel Bandwidth* for
intra-band carrier aggregation

The *aggregated channel bandwidth,* **BW~Channel\_CA~**, is defined as

BW~Channel\_CA~ = F~edge,high~ - F~edge,low~ (MHz).

The lower bandwidth edge F~edge,\ low~ and the upper bandwidth edge
F~edge,high~ of the aggregated channel bandwidth are used as frequency
reference points for transmitter and receiver requirements and are
defined by

F~edge,low~ = F~C,low~ - F~offset,low~

F~edge,high~ = F~C,high~ + F~offset,high~

The lower and upper frequency offsets depend on the transmission
bandwidth configurations of the lowest and highest assigned edge
component carrier and are defined as

F~offset,low~ = (N~RB,low~\*12 + 1)\*SCS~low~/2 + BW~GB~ (MHz)

F~offset,high~ = (N~RB,high~\*12 - 1)\*SCS~high~/2 + BW~GB~ (MHz)

BW~GB~ = max(BW~GB,Channel(k)~)

N~RB,low~ and N~RB,high~ are the transmission bandwidth configurations
according to Table 5.3.2-1 for the lowest and highest assigned component
carrier, SCS~low~ and SCS~high~ are the sub-carrier spacing for the
lowest and highest assigned component carrier respectively. SCS~low~,
SCS~high~, N~RB,low~, N~RB,high~, and BW~GB,Channel(k)~ use the largest
μ value among the subcarrier spacing configurations supported in the
operating band for both of the channel bandwidths according to Table
5.3.5-1 and BW~GB,Channel(k)~ is the minimum guard band for carrier k
according to Table 5.3.3-1 for the said *μ* value.

In case there is no common μ value for both of the channel bandwidths,
*μ*=1 is used for SCS~low~, SCS~high~, N~RB,low~, N~RB,high~, and
BW~GB,Channel(k)~.

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation *Sub-block Bandwidth*
and *Sub-block edges* are defined as follows, see Figure 5.3A.3-2.

Figure 5.3A.3-2: Definition of sub-block bandwidth for intra-band
non-contiguous spectrum

The lower sub-block edge of the Sub-block Bandwidth (BW~Channel,block~)
is defined as

F~edge,block,\ low~ = F~C,block,low~ - F~offset,\ low.~

The upper sub-block edge of the Sub-block Bandwidth is defined as

F~edge,block,high~ = F~C,block,high~ + F~offset,high.~

The Sub-block Bandwidth, BW~Channel,block~, is defined as follows:

BW~Channel,block~ = F~edge,block,high\ -~ F~edge,block,low~ (MHz)

The lower and upper frequency offsets F~offset,block,low~ and
F~offset,block,high~ depend on the transmission bandwidth configurations
of the lowest and highest assigned edge component carriers within a
sub-block and are defined as

F~offset,block,low~ = (N~RB,low~\*12 + 1)\*SCS~low~/2 + BW~GB~ (MHz)

F~offset,block,high~ = (N~RB,high~\*12 - 1)\*SCS~high~/2 + BW~GB~(MHz)

BW~GB~ = max(BW~GB,Channel(k)~)

where N~RB,low~ and N~RB,high~ are the transmission bandwidth
configurations according to Table 5.3.2-1 for the lowest and highest
assigned component carrier within a sub-block, respectively. SCS~low~
and SCS~high~ are the sub-carrier spacing for the lowest and highest
assigned component carrier within a sub-block, respectively. SCS~low~,
SCS~high~, N~RB,low~, N~RB,high~, and BW~GB,Channel(k)~ use the largest
μ value among the subcarrier spacing configurations supported in the
operating band for both of the channel bandwidths according to Table
5.3.5-1 and BW~GB,Channel(k)~ is the minimum guard band for carrier k
according to Table 5.3.3-1 for the said *μ* value. In case there is no
common μ value for both of the channel bandwidths, *μ*=1 is used for
SCS~low~, SCS~high~, N~RB,low~, N~RB,high~, and BW~GB,Channel(k)~.

The sub-block gap size between two consecutive sub-blocks W~gap~ is
defined as

W~gap~ = F~edge,block\ n+1,low\ -~ F~edge,block\ n,high~ (MHz)

### 5.3A.4 Void

### 5.3A.5 UE channel bandwidth per operating band for CA

The requirements for carrier aggregation in this specification are
defined for carrier aggregation configurations.

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, a carrier aggregation
configuration is a single operating band supporting a carrier
aggregation bandwidth class with associated bandwidth combination sets
specified in clause 5.5A.1. For each carrier aggregation configuration,
requirements are specified for all aggregated channel bandwidths
contained in a bandwidth combination set, a UE can indicate support of
several bandwidth combination sets per carrier aggregation
configuration. For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation, a
carrier aggregation configuration is a single operating band supporting
two or more sub-blocks, each supporting a carrier aggregation bandwidth
class.

For intra-band non-contiguous uplink carrier aggregation, frequency
separation class (Fs) specified in Table 5.3A.5-2 indicates the maximum
frequency span between lower edge of lowest component carrier and upper
edge of highest component carrier that UE can support per band
combination in uplink in non-contiguous intra-band operation when the
signalling is absent for dualPA-Architecture IE.

For inter-band carrier aggregation, a carrier aggregation configuration
is a combination of operating bands, each supporting a carrier
aggregation bandwidth class.

Table 5.3A.5-1: NR CA bandwidth classes

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR CA          | Aggregated     | Number of      | Fallback group |
| bandwidth      | channel        | contiguous CC  |                |
| class          | bandwidth      |                |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| A              | BW~Channel~ ≤  | 1              | 1, 2, 3^4^     |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel,max~ |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| B              | 20 MHz ≤       | 2              | 2, 3^4^        |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 100 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| C              | 100 MHz \<     | 2              | 1, 3^4^        |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 2 x          |                |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel,max~ |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| D              | 200 MHz \<     | 3              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 3 x          |                |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel,max~ |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| E              | 300 MHz \<     | 4              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 4 x          |                |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel,max~ |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| G              | 100 MHz \<     | 3              | 2              |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 150 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| H              | 150 MHz \<     | 4              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 200 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| I              | 200 MHz \<     | 5              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 250 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| J              | 250 MHz \<     | 6              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 300 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| K              | 300 MHz \<     | 7              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 350 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| L              | 350 MHz \<     | 8              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 400 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| M^3^           | 50 MHz ≤       | 3              | 3^4^           |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 200 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| N^3^           | 80 MHz ≤       | 4              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 300 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| O^3^           | 100 MHz ≤      | 5              |                |
|                | B              |                |                |
|                | W~Channel\_CA~ |                |                |
|                | ≤ 400 MHz      |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1:        |                |                |                |
| BW~            |                |                |                |
| Channel,\ max~ |                |                |                |
| is maximum     |                |                |                |
| channel        |                |                |                |
| bandwidth      |                |                |                |
| supported      |                |                |                |
| among all      |                |                |                |
| bands in a     |                |                |                |
| release        |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 2: It is  |                |                |                |
| mandatory for  |                |                |                |
| a UE to be     |                |                |                |
| able to        |                |                |                |
| fallback to    |                |                |                |
| lower order NR |                |                |                |
| CA bandwidth   |                |                |                |
| class          |                |                |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
| within a       |                |                |                |
| fallback       |                |                |                |
| group. It is   |                |                |                |
| not mandatory  |                |                |                |
| for a UE to be |                |                |                |
| able to        |                |                |                |
| fallback to    |                |                |                |
| lower order NR |                |                |                |
| CA bandwidth   |                |                |                |
| class          |                |                |                |
| configuration  |                |                |                |
| that belong to |                |                |                |
| a different    |                |                |                |
| fallback       |                |                |                |
| group.         |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 3: This   |                |                |                |
| bandwidth      |                |                |                |
| class is only  |                |                |                |
| applicable to  |                |                |                |
| bands          |                |                |                |
| identified for |                |                |                |
| use with       |                |                |                |
| shared         |                |                |                |
| spectrum       |                |                |                |
| channel access |                |                |                |
| in Table       |                |                |                |
| 5.2-1.         |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| NOTE 4:        |                |                |                |
| Fallback group |                |                |                |
| 3 is only      |                |                |                |
| applicable to  |                |                |                |
| bands          |                |                |                |
| identified for |                |                |                |
| use with       |                |                |                |
| shared         |                |                |                |
| spectrum       |                |                |                |
| channel access |                |                |                |
| in Table       |                |                |                |
| 5.2-1.         |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Table 5.3A.5-2: NR intra-band non-contiguous UL CA frequency separation
classes

  NR NC UL CA frequency separation class   Maximum allowed frequency separation
  ---------------------------------------- --------------------------------------
  I                                        100 MHz
  II                                       200 MHz
  III                                      \[600MHz\]

5.3E Channel bandwidth for V2X
------------------------------

### 5.3E.1 General

NR V2X operation channel bandwidths for each operating band are
specified in Table 5.3E.1-1. The same (symmetrical) channel bandwidth is
specified for both the transmission and reception path. The maximum
channel bandwidth for SL operation in licensed band is 40MHz.

Table 5.3E.1-1 NR V2X operation channel bandwidths for each operating
band

+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
| NR band / SCS / UE Channel bandwidth (MHz) |       |   |    |    |    |    |
+============================================+=======+===+====+====+====+====+
| NR Band                                    | SCS   | 5 | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
|                                            |       |   |    |    |    |    |
|                                            | (kHz) |   |    |    |    |    |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
| n14                                        | 15    | 5 | 10 |    |    |    |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 30    |   | 10 |    |    |    |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 60    |   |    |    |    |    |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
| n38                                        | 15    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 30    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 60    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
| n47                                        | 15    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 30    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 60    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
| n79                                        | 15    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 30    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+
|                                            | 60    |   | 10 | 20 | 30 | 40 |
+--------------------------------------------+-------+---+----+----+----+----+

### 5.3E.2 Channel bandwidth for V2X concurrent operation

For NR V2X inter-band concurrent operation in FR1, the NR V2X channel
bandwidths for each operating band are specified in Table 5.3E.2-1.

Table 5.3E.2-1: Inter-band concurrent operation configurations

  NR V2X inter-band concurrent operating configuration                             NR Band   Interface   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)                  NR V2X inter-band concurrent operating configuration
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ----------- ------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------
  V2X\_n1A-n47A                                                                    n1        Uu          5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 45, 50                 0
                                                                                   n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n5A-n47A                                                                    n5        Uu          5, 10, 15, 20, 25                                 0
                                                                                   n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n8A-n47A                                                                    n8        Uu          5, 10, 15, 20, 35                                 0
                                                                                   n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n39A-n47A                                                                   n39       Uu          5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                         0
                                                                                   n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n40A-n47A                                                                   n40       Uu          5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80             0
                                                                                   n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n41A-n47A                                                                   n41       Uu          10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100       0
                                                                                   n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n71A-n47A                                                                   n71       Uu          5, 10, 15, 20                                     0
                                                                                   n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n78A-n47A                                                                   n78       Uu          10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100   0
                                                                                   n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  V2X\_n79A-n47A                                                                   n79       Uu          40, 50, 60, 80, 100                               0
                                                                                   n47       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                                    
  NOTE 1: The SCS of each channel bandwidth for NR band refers to Table 5.3.5-1.                                                                           

For NR V2X intra-band concurrent operation in FR1, the NR V2X channel
bandwidths for each operating band are specified in Table 5.3E.2-2.

Table 5.3E.2-2: Intra-band concurrent operation configurations

  NR V2X intra-band concurrent operating configuration                             NR Band   Interface   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)   NR V2X intra-band concurrent operating configuration
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ----------- ---------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------
  V2X\_n79B                                                                        n79       Uu          40, 50, 60, 80, 100                0
                                                                                   n79       PC5         10, 20, 30, 40                     
  NOTE 1: The SCS of each channel bandwidth for NR band refers to Table 5.3.5-1.                                                            

5.3I Channel bandwidth for RedCap
---------------------------------

**The requirements in this specification apply to the combination of
channel bandwidths, SCS and operating bands shown in Table 5.3.5-1 with
maximum channel bandwidth of 20MHz. The transmission bandwidth
configuration in Table 5.3.2-1 shall be supported for each of the
specified channel bandwidths up to 20 MHz. The channel bandwidths are
specified for both the TX and RX path.**

5.4 Channel arrangement
-----------------------

### 5.4.1 Channel spacing

#### 5.4.1.1 Channel spacing for adjacent NR carriers

The spacing between carriers will depend on the deployment scenario, the
size of the frequency block available and the channel bandwidths. The
nominal channel spacing between two adjacent NR carriers is defined as
following:

\- For NR operating bands with 100 kHz channel raster,

Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~Channel(1)~ + BW~Channel(2)~)/2

\- For NR operating bands with 15 kHz channel raster,

Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~Channel(1)~ + BW~Channel(2)~)/2+{-5 kHz, 0
kHz, 5 kHz} for ∆F~Raster~ equals 15 kHz

Nominal Channel spacing = (BW~Channel(1)~ + BW~Channel(2)~)/2+{-10 kHz,
0 kHz, 10 kHz} for ∆F~Raster~ equals 30 kHz

where BW~Channel(1)~ and BW~Channel(2)~ are the channel bandwidths of
the two respective NR carriers. The channel spacing can be adjusted
depending on the channel raster to optimize performance in a particular
deployment scenario.

For NR bands restricted to operation with shared-spectrum channel
access, the maximum deviation from the nominal channel spacing is 40
kHz.

### 5.4.2 Channel raster

#### 5.4.2.1 NR-ARFCN and channel raster

The global frequency channel raster defines a set of RF reference
frequencies F~REF.~ The RF reference frequency is used in signalling to
identify the position of RF channels, SS blocks and other elements.

The global frequency raster is defined for all frequencies from 0 to 100
GHz. The granularity of the global frequency raster is ΔF~Global~.

RF reference frequencies are designated by an NR Absolute Radio
Frequency Channel Number (NR-ARFCN) in the range (0...2016666) on the
global frequency raster. The relation between the NR-ARFCN and the RF
reference frequency F~REF~ in MHz is given by the following equation,
where F~REF-Offs~ and N~Ref-Offs~ are given in Table 5.4.2.1-1 and
N~REF~ is the NR-ARFCN.

F~REF~ = F~REF-Offs~ + ΔF~Global~ (N~REF~ -- N~REF-Offs~)

Table 5.4.2.1-1: NR-ARFCN parameters for the global frequency raster

  Frequency range (MHz)   ΔF~Global~ (kHz)   F~REF-Offs~ (MHz)   N~REF-Offs~   Range of N~REF~
  ----------------------- ------------------ ------------------- ------------- -------------------
  0 -- 3000               5                  0                   0             0 -- 599999
  3000 -- 24250           15                 3000                600000        600000 -- 2016666

The channel raster defines a subset of RF reference frequencies that can
be used to identify the RF channel position in the uplink and downlink.
The RF reference frequency for an RF channel maps to a resource element
on the carrier. For each operating band, a subset of frequencies from
the global frequency raster are applicable for that band and forms a
channel raster with a granularity ΔF~Raster~, which may be equal to or
larger than ΔF~Global~.

For SUL bands except n95, n97, n98 and for the uplink of all FDD bands
defined in Table 5.2-1, and for TDD bands n34, n39, n48, n90, n38 and
n40

F~REF,\ shift~ = F~REF~ + Δ~shift~, Δ~shift~ = 0 kHz or 7.5 kHz.

where Δ~shift~ is signalled by the network in higher layer parameter
*frequencyShift7p5khz* \[7\]. For Band n34, n38, n39, n40, n48
F~REF,\ shift~ is only applicable to uplink transmissions using a 15 kHz
SCS.

The mapping between the channel raster and corresponding resource
element is given in Clause 5.4.2.2. The applicable entries for each
operating band are defined in Clause 5.4.2.3.

#### 5.4.2.2 Channel raster to resource element mapping

The mapping between the RF reference frequency on the channel raster and
the corresponding resource element is given in Table 5.4.2.2-1 and can
be used to identify the RF channel position. The mapping depends on the
total number of RBs that are allocated in the channel and applies to
both UL and DL. The mapping must apply to at least one numerology
supported by the UE.

Table 5.4.2.2-1: Channel raster to resource element mapping

  ------------------------------- ----------------- -----------------
                                  *N*~RB~mod2 = 0   *N*~RB~mod2 = 1
  Resource element index          0                 6
  Physical resource block index                     
  ------------------------------- ----------------- -----------------

*N*~RB~ is the maximum transmission bandwidth configuration specified in
sub-clause 5.3.2, ![](./media/image8.wmf){width="0.3020833333333333in"
height="0.19791666666666666in"}*is the PRB index within the N*~RB~, and
is the resource element index within this PRB.

#### 5.4.2.3 Channel raster entries for each operating band

The RF channel positions on the channel raster in each NR operating band
are given through the applicable NR-ARFCN in Table 5.4.2.3‑1, using the
channel raster to resource element mapping in clause 5.4.2.2.

For NR operating bands with 100 kHz channel raster, ΔF~Raster~ = 20 ×
ΔF~Global~. In this case every 20^th^ NR-ARFCN within the operating band
are applicable for the channel raster within the operating band and the
step size for the channel raster in Table 5.4.2.3‑1 is given as \<20\>.

For NR operating bands with 15 kHz channel raster below 3GHz, ΔF~Raster~
= *I* × ΔF~Global~, where *I ϵ {3,6}*. Every *I^th^* NR‑ARFCN within the
operating band are applicable for the channel raster within the
operating band and the step size for the channel raster in
Table 5.4.2.3‑1 is given as \< *I* \>.

For NR operating bands with 15 kHz channel raster above 3GHz, ΔF~Raster~
= *I* × ΔF~Global~, where *I ϵ {1,2}.* Every *I^th^* NR‑ARFCN within the
operating band are applicable for the channel raster within the
operating band and the step size for the channel raster in
Table 5.4.2.3-1 is given as \<*I*\>.

In frequency bands with two or more ΔF~Raster~, the higher ΔF~Raster~:
For 15 kHz and 30 kHz channel raster applies to channels using only the
SCS that is equal to or larger than the higher ΔF~Raster~ and SSB SCS is
equal to the higher ∆F~Raster~.

Table 5.4.2.3-1: Applicable NR-ARFCN per operating band

+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| NR operating    | ΔF~Raster~ | Uplink          | Downlink        |
| band            |            |                 |                 |
|                 | (kHz)      | Range of N~REF~ | Range of N~REF~ |
|                 |            |                 |                 |
|                 |            | (First --       | (First --       |
|                 |            | \<Step size\>   | \<Step size\>   |
|                 |            | -- Last)        | -- Last)        |
+=================+============+=================+=================+
| n1              | 100        | 384000 --       | 422000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 396000          | 434000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n2              | 100        | 370000 --       | 386000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 382000          | 398000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n3              | 100        | 342000 --       | 361000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 357000          | 376000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n5              | 100        | 164800 --       | 173800 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 169800          | 178800          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n7              | 100        | 500000 --       | 524000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 514000          | 538000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n8              | 100        | 176000 --       | 185000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 183000          | 192000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n12             | 100        | 139800 --       | 145800 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 143200          | 149200          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n13             | 100        | 155400 --       | 149200 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 157400          | 151200          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n14             | 100        | 157600 --       | 151600 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 159600          | 153600          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n18             | 100        | 163000 --       | 172000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 166000          | 175000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n20             | 100        | 166400 --       | 158200 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 172400          | 164200          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n24             | 100        | 325300 --       | 305000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 332100          | 311800          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n25             | 100        | 370000 --       | 386000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 383000          | 399000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n26             | 100        | 162800 --       | 171800 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 169800          | 178800          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n28             | 100        | 140600 --       | 151600 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 149600          | 160600          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n29             | 100        | N/A             | 143400 --       |
|                 |            |                 | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            |                 | 145600          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n30             | 100        | 461000 --       | 470000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 463000          | 472000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n34             | 100        | 402000 --       | 402000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 405000          | 405000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n38             | 100        | 514000 --       | 514000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 524000          | 524000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n39             | 100        | 376000 --       | 376000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 384000          | 384000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n40             | 100        | 460000 --       | 460000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 480000          | 480000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n41             | 15         | 499200 -- \<3\> | 499200 -- \<3\> |
|                 |            | -- 537999       | -- 537999       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 499200 -- \<6\> | 499200 -- \<6\> |
|                 |            | -- 537996       | -- 537996       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n46^2^          | 15         | 743334 -- \<1\> | 743334 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 795000       | -- 795000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n47             | 15         | 790334 -- \<1\> | 790334 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 795000       | -- 795000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n48             | 15         | 636667 -- \<1\> | 636667 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 646666       | -- 646666       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 636668 -- \<2\> | 636668 -- \<2\> |
|                 |            | -- 646666       | -- 646666       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n50             | 100        | 286400 --       | 286400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 303400          | 303400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n51             | 100        | 285400 --       | 285400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 286400          | 286400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n53             | 100        | 496700 --       | 496700 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 499000          | 499000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n65             | 100        | 384000 --       | 422000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 402000          | 440000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n66             | 100        | 342000 --       | 422000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 356000          | 440000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n67             | 100        | N/A             | 147600 --       |
|                 |            |                 | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            |                 | 151600          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n70             | 100        | 339000 --       | 399000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 342000          | 404000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n71             | 100        | 132600 --       | 123400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 139600          | 130400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n74             | 100        | 285400 --       | 295000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 294000          | 303600          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n75             | 100        | N/A             | 286400 --       |
|                 |            |                 | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            |                 | 303400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n76             | 100        | N/A             | 285400 --       |
|                 |            |                 | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            |                 | 286400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n77             | 15         | 620000 -- \<1\> | 620000 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 680000       | -- 680000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 620000 -- \<2\> | 620000 -- \<2\> |
|                 |            | -- 680000       | -- 680000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n78             | 15         | 620000 -- \<1\> | 620000 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 653333       | -- 653333       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 620000 -- \<2\> | 620000 -- \<2\> |
|                 |            | -- 653332       | -- 653332       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n79             | 15         | 693334 -- \<1\> | 693334 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 733333       | -- 733333       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 693334 -- \<2\> | 693334 -- \<2\> |
|                 |            | -- 733332       | -- 733332       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n80             | 100        | 342000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 357000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n81             | 100        | 176000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 183000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n82             | 100        | 166400 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 172400          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n83             | 100        | 140600 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --149600 |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n84             | 100        | 384000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 396000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n85             | 100        | 139600 --       | 145600 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 143200          | 149200          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n86             | 100        | 342000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 356000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n89             | 100        | 164800 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 169800          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n90             | 15         | 499200 -- \<3\> | 499200 -- \<3\> |
|                 |            | -- 537999       | -- 537999       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 499200 -- \<6\> | 499200 -- \<6\> |
|                 |            | -- 537996       | -- 537996       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 100        | 499200 --       | 499200 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 538000          | 538000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n91             | 100        | 166400 --       | 285400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 172400          | 286400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n92             | 100        | 166400 --       | 286400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 172400          | 303400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n93             | 100        | 176000 --       | 285400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 183000          | 286400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n94             | 100        | 176000 --       | 286400 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 183000          | 303400          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n95             | 100        | 402000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 405000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n96^3^          | 15         | 795000 -- \<1\> | 795000 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 875000       | -- 875000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n97             | 100        | 460000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 480000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n98             | 100        | 376000 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 384000          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n99             | 100        | 325300 --       | N/A             |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       |                 |
|                 |            | 332100          |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n100            | 100        | 174880 --       | 183880 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 176000          | 185000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n101            | 100        | 380000 --       | 380000 --       |
|                 |            | \<20\> --       | \<20\> --       |
|                 |            | 382000          | 382000          |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n102^4^         | 15         | 795000 -- \<1\> | 795000 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 828333       | -- 828333       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| n104            | 15         | 828334 -- \<1\> | 828334 -- \<1\> |
|                 |            | -- 875000       | -- 875000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | 30         | 828334 -- \<2\> | 828334 -- \<2\> |
|                 |            | -- 875000       | -- 875000       |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| NOTE 1: The     |            |                 |                 |
| channel numbers |            |                 |                 |
| that designate  |            |                 |                 |
| carrier         |            |                 |                 |
| frequencies so  |            |                 |                 |
| close to the    |            |                 |                 |
| operating band  |            |                 |                 |
| edges that the  |            |                 |                 |
| carrier extends |            |                 |                 |
| beyond the      |            |                 |                 |
| operating band  |            |                 |                 |
| edge shall not  |            |                 |                 |
| be used.        |            |                 |                 |
|                 |            |                 |                 |
| NOTE 2: The     |            |                 |                 |
| following       |            |                 |                 |
| N~REF~ are      |            |                 |                 |
| allowed for     |            |                 |                 |
| operation in    |            |                 |                 |
| Band n46: see   |            |                 |                 |
| Table           |            |                 |                 |
| 5.4.2.3-2.      |            |                 |                 |
|                 |            |                 |                 |
| NOTE 3: The     |            |                 |                 |
| following       |            |                 |                 |
| N~REF~ are      |            |                 |                 |
| allowed for     |            |                 |                 |
| operation in    |            |                 |                 |
| Band n96: see   |            |                 |                 |
| Table           |            |                 |                 |
| 5.4.2.3-3.      |            |                 |                 |
|                 |            |                 |                 |
| NOTE 4: The     |            |                 |                 |
| following       |            |                 |                 |
| N~REF~ are      |            |                 |                 |
| allowed for     |            |                 |                 |
| operation in    |            |                 |                 |
| Band n102: see  |            |                 |                 |
| Table           |            |                 |                 |
| 5.4.2.3-4.      |            |                 |                 |
+-----------------+------------+-----------------+-----------------+

Table 5.4.2.3-2: Allowed N~REF~ (NR-ARFCN) for operation in Band n46

  Channel Bandwidth                                                                                                                                                                        Allowed N~REF~
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                   782000, 788668
  20 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                   744000, 745332, 746668, 748000, 749332, 750668, 752000, 753332, 754668, 756000, 765332, 766668, 768000, 769332, 770668, 772000, 773332, 774668, 776000, 777332, 778668, 780000, 781332, 783000, 784332, 785668, 787000, 788332, 789668, 791000, 792332, 793668
  40 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                   744668, 746000, 748668, 751332, 754000, 755332, 766000, 767332, 770000, 772668, 775332, 778000, 780668, 783668, 786332, 787668, 790332, 793000
  60 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                   745332, 746668, 748000, 752000, 753332, 754668, 766668, 768000, 769332, 773332, 774668, 778668, 780000, 784332, 785668, 791000, 792332
  80 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                   746000, 747332, 752668, 754000, 767332, 768668, 774000, 779332, 785000, 791668
  100 MHz                                                                                                                                                                                  746668, 753332, 768000, 791000
  NOTE: 10 MHz channel bandwidth shall only apply in certain regions where the absence of non 3GPP technologies can be guaranteed on a long-term basis in this version of specification.   

Table 5.4.2.3-3: Allowed N~REF~ (NR-ARFCN) for operation in Band n96

+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| Channel Bandwidth | Allowed N~REF~                                  |
+===================+=================================================+
| 20 MHz            | **797000, 798332, 799668, 801000, 802332,       |
|                   | 803668, 805000, 806332, 807668, 809000, 810332, |
|                   | 811668, 813000, 814332,**                       |
|                   |                                                 |
|                   | **815668, 817000, 818332, 819668, 821000,       |
|                   | 822332, 823668, 825000, 826332, 827668, 829000, |
|                   | 830332, 831668, 833000, 834332, 835668, 837000, |
|                   | 838332, 839668, 841000, 842332, 843668, 845000, |
|                   | 846332, 847668, 849000, 850332, 851668, 853000, |
|                   | 854332, 855668, 857000, 858332, 859668, 861000, |
|                   | 862332, 863668, 865000, 866332, 867668, 869000, |
|                   | 870332, 871668, 873000, 874332**                |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| 40 MHz            | **797668, 800332, 803000, 805668, 808332,       |
|                   | 811000, 813668, 816332, 819000, 821668, 824332, |
|                   | 827000, 829668, 832332, 835000, 837668, 840332, |
|                   | 843000, 845668, 848332, 851000, 853668, 856332, |
|                   | 859000, 861668, 864332, 867000, 869668,**       |
|                   |                                                 |
|                   | **872332**                                      |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| 60 MHz            | **798332, 799668, 803668, 805000, 809000,       |
|                   | 810332, 814332, 815668, 819668, 821000, 825000, |
|                   | 826332, 830332, 831668, 835668, 837000, 841000, |
|                   | 842332, 846332, 847668, 851668, 853000, 857000, |
|                   | 858332, 862332, 863668, 867668, 869000,         |
|                   | 873000**                                        |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| 80 MHz            | **799000, 804332, 809668, 815000, 820332,       |
|                   | 825668, 831000, 836332, 841668, 847000, 852332, |
|                   | 857668, 863000, 868332**                        |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| 100 MHz           | **799668, 803668, 810332, 814332, 821000,       |
|                   | 825000, 831668, 835668, 842332, 846332, 853000, |
|                   | 857000,**                                       |
|                   |                                                 |
|                   | **863668, 867668, 869000, 870332, 871668**      |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+

Table 5.4.2.3-4: Allowed N~REF~ (NR-ARFCN) for operation in Band n102

+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| Channel Bandwidth | Allowed N~REF~                                  |
+===================+=================================================+
| 20 MHz            | **797000, 798332, 799668, 801000, 802332,       |
|                   | 803668, 805000, 806332, 807668, 809000, 810332, |
|                   | 811668, 813000, 814332,**                       |
|                   |                                                 |
|                   | **815668, 817000, 818332, 819668, 821000,       |
|                   | 822332, 823668, 825000, 826332, 827668**        |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| 40 MHz            | **797668, 800332, 803000, 805668, 808332,       |
|                   | 811000, 813668, 816332, 819000, 821668, 824332, |
|                   | 827000**                                        |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| 60 MHz            | **798332, 799668, 803668, 805000, 809000,       |
|                   | 810332, 814332, 815668, 819668, 821000, 825000, |
|                   | 826332**                                        |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| 80 MHz            | **799000, 804332, 809668, 815000, 820332,       |
|                   | 825668**                                        |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| 100 MHz           | **799668, 803668, 810332, 814332, 821000,       |
|                   | 825000**                                        |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------+

### 5.4.3 Synchronization raster

#### 5.4.3.1 Synchronization raster and numbering

The synchronization raster indicates the frequency positions of the
synchronization block that can be used by the UE for system acquisition
when explicit signalling of the synchronization block position is not
present.

A global synchronization raster is defined for all frequencies. The
frequency position of the SS block is defined as SS~REF~ with
corresponding number GSCN. The parameters defining the SS~REF~ and GSCN
for all the frequency ranges are in Table 5.4.3.1-1.

The resource element corresponding to the SS block reference frequency
SS~REF~ is given in clause 5.4.3.2. The synchronization raster and the
subcarrier spacing of the synchronization block is defined separately
for each band.

Table 5.4.3.1-1: GSCN parameters for the global frequency raster

+-----------------+-----------------+--------------+---------------+
| Frequency range | SS Block        | GSCN         | Range of GSCN |
|                 | frequency       |              |               |
|                 | position        |              |               |
|                 | SS~REF~         |              |               |
+=================+=================+==============+===============+
| 0 -- 3000 MHz   | N \* 1200kHz +  | 3N + (M-3)/2 | 2 -- 7498     |
|                 | M \* 50 kHz,    |              |               |
|                 |                 |              |               |
|                 | N=1:2499, M ϵ   |              |               |
|                 | {1,3,5} (Note   |              |               |
|                 | 1)              |              |               |
+-----------------+-----------------+--------------+---------------+
| 3000 -- 24250   | 3000 MHz + N \* | 7499 + N     | 7499 -- 22255 |
| MHz             | 1.44 MHz        |              |               |
|                 |                 |              |               |
|                 | N = 0:14756     |              |               |
+-----------------+-----------------+--------------+---------------+
| NOTE 1: The     |                 |              |               |
| default value   |                 |              |               |
| for operating   |                 |              |               |
| bands with      |                 |              |               |
| which only      |                 |              |               |
| support SCS     |                 |              |               |
| spaced channel  |                 |              |               |
| raster(s) is    |                 |              |               |
| M=3.            |                 |              |               |
+-----------------+-----------------+--------------+---------------+

#### 5.4.3.2 Synchronization raster to synchronization block resource element mapping

The mapping between the synchronization raster and the corresponding
resource element of the SS block is given in Table 5.4.3.2-1.

Table 5.4.3.2-1: Synchronization raster to SS block resource element
mapping

  ------------------------ -----
  Resource element index   120
  ------------------------ -----

is the subcarrier number of SS/PBCH block defined in TS 38.211 clause
7.4.3.1 \[6\].

#### 5.4.3.3 Synchronization raster entries for each operating band

The synchronization raster for each band is give in Table 5.4.3.3-1. The
distance between applicable GSCN entries is given by the \<Step size\>
indicated in Table 5.4.3.3-1.

Table 5.4.3.3-1: Applicable SS raster entries per operating band

+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| NR operating   | SS Block SCS | SS Block       | Range of GSCN  |
| band           |              | pattern^1^     |                |
|                |              |                | (First --      |
|                |              |                | \<Step size\>  |
|                |              |                | -- Last)       |
+================+==============+================+================+
| n1             | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 5279 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5419        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n2             | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 4829 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4969        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n3             | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 4517 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4693        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n5             | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 2177 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2230        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case B         | 2183 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2224        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n7             | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 6554 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6718        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n8             | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 2318 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2395        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n12            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1828 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1858        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n13            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1871 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1885        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n14            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1901 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1915        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n18            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 2156 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2182        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n20            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1982 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2047        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n24            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3818 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3892        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case B         | 3824 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3886        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n25            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 4829 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4981        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n26            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 2153 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2230        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n28            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1901 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2002        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n29            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1798 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1813        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n30            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 5879 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5893        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n34            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | NOTE 5         |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 5036 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5050        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n38            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | NOTE 2         |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 6437 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6538        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n39            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | NOTE 6         |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 4712 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4789        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n40            | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 5762 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5989        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n41            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 6246 -- \<3\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6717        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 6252 -- \<3\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6714        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n46**^3^**     | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 8993 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 9530        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n48            | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 7884 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 7982        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n50            | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 3590 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3781        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n51            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3572 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3574        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n53            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 6215 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6232        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 6221 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6226        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n65            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 5279 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5494        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n66            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 5279 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5494        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case B         | 5285 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5488        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n67            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1850 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1888        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n70            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 4993 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 5044        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n71            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1547 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1624        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n74            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3692 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3790        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n75            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3584 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3787        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n76            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3572 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3574        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n77            | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 7711 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 8329        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n78            | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 7711 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 8051        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n79            | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 8480 -- \<16\> |
|                |              |                | -- 8880^7^     |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |              |                | 8475 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 8884**^8^** |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n85            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 1826 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 1858        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n90            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 6246 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6717^10^    |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |              |                | 6245 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6718^11^    |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 6252 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 6714        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n91            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3572 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3574        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n92            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3584 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3787        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n93            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3572 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3574        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n94            | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 3584 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 3787        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n96**^4^**     | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 9531 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 10363       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n100           | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 2303 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 2307        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n101           | 15 kHz       | Case A         | 4754 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4768        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 4760 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 4764        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n102^9^        | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 9531 -- \<1\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 9877        |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| n104           | 30 kHz       | Case C         | 9882 -- \<7\>  |
|                |              |                | -- 10358       |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: SS     |              |                |                |
| Block pattern  |              |                |                |
| is defined in  |              |                |                |
| clause 4.1 in  |              |                |                |
| TS 38.213      |              |                |                |
| \[8\].         |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 2: The    |              |                |                |
| applicable SS  |              |                |                |
| raster entries |              |                |                |
| are GSCN =     |              |                |                |
| {6432, 6443,   |              |                |                |
| 6457, 6468,    |              |                |                |
| 6479, 6493,    |              |                |                |
| 6507, 6518,    |              |                |                |
| 6532, 6543}.   |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 3: The    |              |                |                |
| following GSCN |              |                |                |
| are allowed    |              |                |                |
| for operation  |              |                |                |
| in band n46:   |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| GSCN = {8996,  |              |                |                |
| 9010, 9024,    |              |                |                |
| 9038, 9051,    |              |                |                |
| 9065, 9079,    |              |                |                |
| 9093, 9107,    |              |                |                |
| 9121, 9218,    |              |                |                |
| 9232, 9246,    |              |                |                |
| 9260, 9274,    |              |                |                |
| 9288, 9301,    |              |                |                |
| 9315, 9329,    |              |                |                |
| 9343, 9357,    |              |                |                |
| 9371, 9385,    |              |                |                |
| 9402, 9416,    |              |                |                |
| 9430, 9444,    |              |                |                |
| 9458, 9472,    |              |                |                |
| 9485, 9499,    |              |                |                |
| 9513}.         |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 4: The    |              |                |                |
| following GSCN |              |                |                |
| are allowed    |              |                |                |
| for operation  |              |                |                |
| in band n96:   |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| GSCN = {9548,  |              |                |                |
| 9562, 9576,    |              |                |                |
| 9590, 9603,    |              |                |                |
| 9617,9631,     |              |                |                |
| 9645, 9659,    |              |                |                |
| 9673, 9687,    |              |                |                |
| 9701, 9714,    |              |                |                |
| 9728, 9742,    |              |                |                |
| 9756, 9770,    |              |                |                |
| 9784, 9798,    |              |                |                |
| 9812, 9826,    |              |                |                |
| 9840, 9853,    |              |                |                |
| 9867, 9881,    |              |                |                |
| 9895, 9909,    |              |                |                |
| 9923, 9937,    |              |                |                |
| 9951, 9964,    |              |                |                |
| 9978, 9992,    |              |                |                |
| 10006, 10020,  |              |                |                |
| 10034, 10048,  |              |                |                |
| 10062, 10076,  |              |                |                |
| 10090, 10103,  |              |                |                |
| 10117, 10131,  |              |                |                |
| 10145, 10159,  |              |                |                |
| 10173, 10187,  |              |                |                |
| 10201, 10214,  |              |                |                |
| 10228, 10242,  |              |                |                |
| 10256, 10270,  |              |                |                |
| 10284, 10298,  |              |                |                |
| 10312, 10325,  |              |                |                |
| 10339, 10353}. |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 5: The    |              |                |                |
| applicable SS  |              |                |                |
| raster entries |              |                |                |
| are GSCN =     |              |                |                |
| {5032, 5043,   |              |                |                |
| 5054}          |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 6: The    |              |                |                |
| applicable SS  |              |                |                |
| raster entries |              |                |                |
| are GSCN =     |              |                |                |
| {4707, 4715,   |              |                |                |
| 4718, 4729,    |              |                |                |
| 4732, 4743,    |              |                |                |
| 4747, 4754,    |              |                |                |
| 4761, 4768,    |              |                |                |
| 4772, 4782,    |              |                |                |
| 4786, 4793}    |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 7: The SS |              |                |                |
| raster entries |              |                |                |
| apply for      |              |                |                |
| channel        |              |                |                |
| bandwidths     |              |                |                |
| larger than or |              |                |                |
| equal to 40    |              |                |                |
| MHz            |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 8: The SS |              |                |                |
| raster entries |              |                |                |
| apply for      |              |                |                |
| channel        |              |                |                |
| bandwidths     |              |                |                |
| smaller than   |              |                |                |
| 40 MHz         |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 9: The    |              |                |                |
| following GSCN |              |                |                |
| are allowed    |              |                |                |
| for operation  |              |                |                |
| in band n102:  |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| GSCN = {9548,  |              |                |                |
| 9562, 9576,    |              |                |                |
| 9590, 9603,    |              |                |                |
| 9617,9631,     |              |                |                |
| 9645, 9659,    |              |                |                |
| 9673, 9687,    |              |                |                |
| 9701, 9714,    |              |                |                |
| 9728, 9742,    |              |                |                |
| 9756, 9770,    |              |                |                |
| 9784, 9798,    |              |                |                |
| 9812, 9826,    |              |                |                |
| 9840, 9853,    |              |                |                |
| 9867}.         |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 10: The   |              |                |                |
| SS raster      |              |                |                |
| entries apply  |              |                |                |
| for channel    |              |                |                |
| bandwidths     |              |                |                |
| larger than or |              |                |                |
| equal to 10    |              |                |                |
| MHz.           |              |                |                |
|                |              |                |                |
| NOTE 11: The   |              |                |                |
| SS raster      |              |                |                |
| entries apply  |              |                |                |
| for channel    |              |                |                |
| bandwidth      |              |                |                |
| equal to 5 MHz |              |                |                |
+----------------+--------------+----------------+----------------+

### 5.4.4 TX--RX frequency separation

The default TX channel (carrier centre frequency) to RX channel (carrier
centre frequency) separation for operating bands is specified in Table
5.4.4-1.

Table 5.4.4-1: UE TX-RX frequency separation

+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| **NR Operating Band**                | **TX -- RX\                  |
|                                      | carrier centre frequency\    |
|                                      | separation**                 |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n1                                   | 190 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n2                                   | 80 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n3                                   | 95 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n5                                   | 45 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n7                                   | 120 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n8                                   | 45 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n12                                  | 30 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n13                                  | -31 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n14                                  | -30 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n18                                  | 45 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n20                                  | -41 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n24                                  | -101.5, -120.5 MHz           |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n25                                  | 80 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n26                                  | 45 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n28                                  | 55 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n30                                  | 45 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n65                                  | 190 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n66                                  | 400 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n70                                  | 300 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n71                                  | -46 MHz                      |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n74                                  | 48 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n85                                  | 30 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n91                                  | 570 MHz -- 595 MHz           |
|                                      |                              |
|                                      | (NOTE 2)                     |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n92                                  | 575 MHz -- 680 MHz (*μ* = 0) |
|                                      |                              |
|                                      | 580 MHz -- 675 MHz (*μ* = 1) |
|                                      |                              |
|                                      | (NOTE 2)                     |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n93                                  | 517 MHz -- 547 MHz           |
|                                      |                              |
|                                      | (NOTE 2)                     |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n94                                  | 522 MHz -- 632 MHz (*μ* = 0) |
|                                      |                              |
|                                      | 527 MHz -- 627 MHz (*μ* = 1) |
|                                      |                              |
|                                      | (NOTE 2)                     |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| n100                                 | 45 MHz                       |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| NOTE 1: Void                         |                              |
|                                      |                              |
| NOTE 2: The range of TX-RX frequency |                              |
| separation given paired UL and DL    |                              |
| channel bandwidths BW~UL~ and BW~DL~ |                              |
| is given by the respective lower and |                              |
| upper limit F~DL\_low~ --            |                              |
| F~UL\_high~ + 0.5(BW~DL~ + BW~UL~)   |                              |
| and F~DL\_high~ -- F~UL\_low~ --     |                              |
| 0.5(BW~DL~ + BW~UL~). The UL and DL  |                              |
| channel bandwidth combinations       |                              |
| specified in Table 5.3.5-1 and       |                              |
| 5.3.6-1 depend on the subcarrier     |                              |
| spacing configuration *μ* \[6\].     |                              |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+

5.4A Channel arrangement for CA
-------------------------------

### 5.4A.1 Channel spacing for CA

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation with two or more component
carriers, the nominal channel spacing between two adjacent NR component
carriers is defined as the following unless stated otherwise:

For NR operating bands with a 100 kHz channel raster:

while for NR operating bands without a 100 kHz channel raster:

with

*n = µ~0~*

where BW~Channel(1)~ and BW~Channel(2)~ are the channel bandwidths of
the two respective NR component carriers according to Table 5.3.2-1 with
values in MHz, *μ~0~* is the largest *μ* value among the subcarrier
spacing configurations supported in the operating band for both of the
channel bandwidths according to Table 5.3.5-1 and *GB~Channel(i)~* is
the minimum guard band for channel bandwidth i according to Table
5.3.3-1 for the said *μ* value with *μ* as defined in TS 38.211. In case
there is no common μ value for both of the channel bandwidths, *μ~0~*=1
is selected and *GB~Channel(i)~* is the minimum guard band for channel
bandwidth i according to Table 5.3.3-1 for *μ=1* with *μ* as defined in
TS 38.211.

The channel spacing for intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation can be
adjusted to any multiple of least common multiple of channel raster and
sub-carrier spacing less than the nominal channel spacing to optimize
performance in a particular deployment scenario.

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation in NR bands restricted to
operation with shared-spectrum channel access, the maximum deviation
from the nominal channel spacing is 300 kHz.

For intra-band non-contiguous carrier aggregation, the channel spacing
between two NR component carriers in different sub-blocks shall be
larger than the nominal channel spacing defined in this clause.

### 5.4A.2 Channel raster for CA

For inter-band and intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, the
channel raster requirements in clause 5.4.2 apply for each operating
band.

### 5.4A.3 Synchronization raster for CA

For inter-band and intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, the
synchronization raster requirements in clause 5.4.3 apply for each
operating band.

### 5.4A.4 Tx-Rx frequency separation for CA

For inter-band carrier aggregation, the Tx-Rx frequency separation
requirements in clause 5.4.4 apply for each operating band.

For intra-band contiguous carrier aggregation, the same TX-RX frequency
separation as specified in Table 5.4.4-1 is applied to PCC and SCC,
respectively.

5.4B Reserved
-------------

5.4C Reserved
-------------

5.4D Reserved
-------------

5.4E Channel arrangement for V2X
--------------------------------

### 5.4E.1 Channel spacing

For NR V2X, the channel spacing requirements in clause 5.4.1 apply for
each operating band.

### 5.4E.2 Channel raster

#### 5.4E.2.1 NR-ARFCN and channel raster

For NR V2X, the NR-ARFCN and channel raster requirements in clause
5.4.2.1 apply for each operating band.

For NR V2X UE, the reference frequency can be shifted by configuration.

F~REF\_V2X~ = F~REF~ + Δ~shift~ + N \* 5 kHz

where

> Δ~shift~ = 0 kHz or 7.5 kHz indicated in IE (*frequencyShift7p5khz*),
> and
>
> N can be set as one of following values {-1, 0, 1}, which are
> signalled by the network in higher layer parameters or configured by
> pre-configuration parameters.

#### 5.4E.2.2 Channel raster to resource element mapping

For NR V2X, the channel raster to resource element mapping requirements
in clause 5.4.2.2 apply for each operating band.

#### 5.4E.2.3 Channel raster entries for each operating band

For NR V2X, the channel raster entries requirements in clause 5.4.2.3
apply for each operating band.

The RF channel positions on the channel raster in each NR V2X operating
band are given through the applicable NR-ARFCN in Table 5.4.2.3-1, using
the channel raster to resource element mapping in clause 5.4.2.2.

For NR V2X operating band n47, ΔF~Raster~ = *I* × ΔF~Global~, where *I ϵ
{1}.* Every *I^th^* NR‑ARFCN within the operating band are applicable
for the channel raster within the operating band and the step size for
the channel raster in Table 5.4.2.3-1 is given as \<*I*\>.

### 5.4E.3 Synchronization raster for V2X

There is no synchronization raster definition for NR V2X for both
licensed bands and unlicensed bands.

5.4I Channel arrangement for RedCap
-----------------------------------

### 5.4I.1 Channel spacing for RedCap

For RedCap UEs, the channel spacing requirements in clause 5.4.1 apply
for each operating band.

### 5.4I.2 Channel raster for RedCap

#### 5.4I.2.1 NR-ARFCN and channel raster

For RedCap UEs, the NR-ARFCN and channel raster requirements in clause
5.4.2.1 apply for each operating band.

#### 5.4I.2.2 Channel raster to resource element mapping

For RedCap UEs, the channel raster to resource element mapping
requirements in clause 5.4.2.2 apply for each operating band.

#### 5.4I.2.3 Channel raster entries for each operating band

For RedCap UEs, the RF channel positions on the channel raster in each
NR operating band are given through the applicable NR-ARFCN in
Table 5.4.2.3‑1 and additional intermediary NR-ARFCN with a step size of
\<2\> for operating bands that are included in Table 5.4.2.3-1 with a
step size of \<20\>, using the channel raster to resource element
mapping in clause 5.4I.2.2.

For NR operating bands included in Table 5.4.2.3-1 with a step size of
\<20\>, the channel raster for RedCap UEs is defined with ΔF~Raster~ = 2
× ΔF~Global~. In this case every 2^nd^ NR-ARFCN within the operating
band are applicable for the channel raster within the operating band and
the step size for the channel raster is given as \<2\>, every 10^th^ of
these channel raster entries coincides with entries defined in Table
5.4.2.3-1 for this operating band.

NOTE: The RedCap UE, which complies with Rel-17 specifications of
version 17.14.0 and before version 17.14.0, may support the legacy
channel raster only.

### 5.4I.3 Synchronization raster for RedCap

For RedCap UEs, the synchronization raster requirements in clause 5.4.3
apply for each operating band. The synchronization raster and the
corresponding SS block do not cover all possible RF channel bandwidths
and locations on the channel raster defined in sub-clause 5.4I.2.

### 5.4I.4 Tx-Rx frequency separation for RedCap

For RedCap UEs, the Tx-Rx frequency separation requirements in clause
5.4.4 apply for each operating band.

5.5 Void
--------

5.5A Configurations for CA
--------------------------

### 5.5A.0 General

The configurations for CA operating band including Band n41 also apply
for the corresponding CA operating bands with Band n90 replacing Band
n41 but with otherwise identical parameters. For brevity the said
configuration for CA operating bands with Band n90 are not listed in the
tables below but are covered by this specification.

Non‑contiguous resource allocation and almost contiguous allocation are
not applicable for each NR carrier of intra‑band contiguous and
non-contiguous CA configurations.

For a CA configuration with one or more operating band supporting
asymmetric channel bandwidths as specified in sub-clause 5.3.6,
requirements are defined for an asymmetric UL and DL channel bandwidth
combination of a supported asymmetric channel bandwidth combination set
for an operating band of the CA configuration when the said UL and DL
channel bandwidths are also contained in a supported bandwidth
combination set of the CA configuration.

For a higher order band combination of which CA\_n20-n28 is a subset,
the frequency range in band n28 is restricted for the higher order band
combination to 703-733 MHz for the UL and 758-788 MHz for the DL.

The configuration tables for CA describe Bandwidth Combination Sets.
Bandwidth Combination Set 4 and 5 contain all possible defined channel
bandwidths for each band in the combination. The fact that BCS4 and BCS5
contain all channel bandwidths for each band does not alter if a
bandwidth is mandatory or optional for a given band. Bandwidths that are
identified as optional in Table 5.3.5-1 for a given release are still
optional for UEs that support BCS4 or BCS5, where the bandwidths the UE
supports for each band, the maximum bandwidth and/or minimum bandwidth
for the band in the band combination are indicated in the UE
capabilities. The minimum bandwidth per CC and maximum aggregated FDD,
TDD and total bandwidth per band combination may be indicated only for
BCS5 as described in 38.306 \[15\] and BCS5 shall not be indicated
together with BCS4 for a CA configuration. For inter-band CA
combinations including FR1 intra-band CA and with BCS4 or BCS5 in the
following configuration tables, the Bandwidth Combination Sets for the
FR1 intra-band CA are BCS4 or BCS5, respectively.

By default, power class 3 is applicable for the CA configurations listed
in the following clauses. The applicability of higher power class(es) is
described in the CA configuration tables in clauses 5.5A.1, 5.5A.2 and
5.5A.3. For inter-band CA combinations in clause 5.5A.3, the
applicability of higher power class(es) for higher order band
combinations is extended based on the following conditions:

\- For a combination of intra-band and inter-band CA, the same higher
power class(es) may be supported, which are specified for the inter-band
UL CA configuration(s) in the combination composed of the same bands
without intra-band CA.

\- For a combination of intra-band and inter-band CA, the higher power
class(es) may be supported for single-carrier UL when the same higher
power class(es) are specified for all its fallback combinations.

\- For a combination with 3 or more DL bands without intra-band CA, the
higher power class(es) may be supported for single-carrier UL when the
same higher power class(es) are specified for all its 2-band fallback
combinations.

\- For a combination with 4 or more DL bands without intra-band CA, the
higher power class(es) may be supported for inter-band UL CA
configuration(s) when the same higher power class(es) are specified for
all its 3-band fallback combinations.

A UE supporting a given power class for a CA configuration shall meet
the corresponding transmitter and receiver requirements in Clause 6 and
Clause 7, respectively.

### 5.5A.1 Configurations for intra-band contiguous CA

Table 5.5A.1-1: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets
defined for intra-band contiguous CA

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NR CA |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| con   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| figur |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| /     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| set   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| NR CA | U     | Ch    | Ch    | Ch    | Ch    | Ch    | Ma    | Band  |
| con   | plink | annel | annel | annel | annel | annel | ximum | width |
| figur | CA    | bandw | bandw | bandw | bandw | bandw | a     | c     |
| ation | conf  | idths | idths | idths | idths | idths | ggreg | ombin |
|       | igura | for   | for   | for   | for   | for   | ated\ | ation |
|       | tions | ca    | ca    | ca    | ca    | ca    | band  | set   |
|       | or    | rrier | rrier | rrier | rrier | rrier | width |       |
|       | s     | (MHz) | (MHz) | (MHz) | (MHz) | (MHz) | (MHz) |       |
|       | ingle |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | carri |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | er^5^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | \-    | 10    | 10,15 |       |       |       | 40    | 0     |
| \_n1B |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15    | 15,20 |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 20    | 20    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | \-    | 5     | 15    |       |       |       | 20    | 0     |
| \_n2B |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10    | 10    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | \-    | 5     | 15,   |       |       |       | 60    | 0     |
| \_n3B |       |       | 20,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 25,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 30    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10    | 10,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 20,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 25,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 30    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15,   | 5,    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 10,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 25,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30    | 20,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 25,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 30    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | 5,    | 5,    |       |       |       | 20    | 0     |
| \_n5B | \_n5B | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 15    | 15    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA    | CA    | 10    | 10,   |       |       |       | 50    | 0     |
| \_n7B | \_n7B |       | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 20,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 30,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 40    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15    | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 20,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 30    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 20    | 20,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 30    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 5     | 15    |       |       |       | 20    | 0     |
| _n25B |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10    | 10    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 5     | 15,   |       |       |       | 50    | 0     |
| _n38B |       |       | 20,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 25    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10    | 10,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 20,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 25    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15,   | 5,    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 10,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 25    | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 20,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 25    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 20    | 80    |       |       |       | 100   | 0     |
| _n40B |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 50    | 50    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | CA\   | 1     | 10,   |       |       |       | 100   | 1     |
|       | _n40B | 0,15, | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 50,   | 50,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80    | 80    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n     | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       | 100   | 0     |
| _n41B | 41^3^ | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | CA\   | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | _n41B | 50    | 50    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n41   | 40    | 80,   |       |       |       | 180   | 0     |
| _n41C | ^3,4^ |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | A\_n4 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1C^3^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 50,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80    | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10    | 100   |       |       |       | 190   | 1     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 40    | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 50,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90    | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10    | 100   |       |       |       | 190   | 2     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 30,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40    | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 50,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90    | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | See   |       |       |       | 190   | 4 and |       |
|       |       | n41   |       |       |       |       | 5     |       |
|       |       | ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | idths |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 3.5-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | carri |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | er^2^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       | 100   | 0     |
| _n46B |       | 40,   | 40    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       | 160   | 0     |
| _n46C |       | 80    | 80    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 60,   | 80    | 80    |       |       | 240   | 0     |
| _n46D |       | 80    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   |       |       | 140   | 0     |
| _n46M |       | 40,   | 40    | 40    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   |       | Void  |       |       |       |       |       | 0     |
| _n46N |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | \-    | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   |       | 180   | 1     |
|       |       | 40,   | 40    | 40    | 40    |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   | 220   | 0     |
| _n46O |       | 60    | 40    | 40    | 40    | 40    |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | 5     | 15,   |       |       |       | 40    | 0     |
| _n48B | _n48B |       | 20    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 20    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 20    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | \-    | 10    | 50,   |       |       |       | 100   | 1     |
|       |       |       | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 90    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15,   | 40,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 50,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 40    | 40,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 50,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 60    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | \-    | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       | 100   | 2     |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40    | 40,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 50,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 70,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 90    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 10    | 100   |       |       |       | 140   | 0     |
| _n48C |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15    | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 20    | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 40    | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | \-    | 10,   | 70,   |       |       |       | 140   | 1     |
|       |       | 15,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 5     | 20,   |       |       |       | 50    | 0     |
| _n66B |       |       | 40    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10    | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 20,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 40    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15    | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 20    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 5     | 20    |       |       |       | 25    | 0     |
| _n71B |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10    | 15    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10    | 20    |       |       |       | 35    | 1     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15    | 15,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 20    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 5,    | 15,   |       |       |       | 35    | 2     |
|       |       | 10,   | 20    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 15    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | See   |       |       |       | 35    | 4 and |       |
|       |       | n71   |       |       |       |       | 5     |       |
|       |       | ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | idths |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 3.5-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | carri |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | er^2^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n     | 20    | 25,   |       |       |       | 60    | 0     |
| _n77B | 77^3^ |       | 30,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 40    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 25    | 30    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n     | 50    | 60,   |       |       |       | 200   | 0     |
| _n77C | 77^3^ |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | CA\   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | _n77C |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 60    | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 80    | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10    | 100   |       |       |       | 200   | 1     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 25,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30    | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 40    | 70,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 50,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 70,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 70,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n     | 100   | 100   | 100   |       |       | 300   | 0     |
| _n77D | 77^3^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n     | 20    | 50    |       |       |       | 70    | 0     |
| _n78B | 78^3^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n     | 50    | 60,   |       |       |       | 200   | 0     |
| _n78C | 78^3^ |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 8C^3^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 60    | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 80    | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10    | 100   |       |       |       | 200   | 1     |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 15,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 25,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30    | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 40    | 70,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 50,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 70,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 70,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | n     | 100   | 100   | 100   |       |       | 300   | 0     |
| _n78D | 78^3^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | 50    | 60,   |       |       |       | 200   | 0     |
| _n79C | _n79C |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 60    | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 80    | 80,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 100   | 100   | 100   |       |       | 300   | 0     |
| _n79D |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       | 100   | 0     |
| _n96B | _n96B | 40    | 40,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | CA\   | 80    | 40,   |       |       |       | 160   | 0     |
| _n96C | _n96C |       | 60,   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 80    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 80    | 80    | 60,   |       |       | 240   | 0     |
| _n96D |       |       |       | 80    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\   | \-    | 80    | 80    | 80    | 80    |       | 320   | 0     |
| _n96E |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| comp  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| onent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| car   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rier, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refer |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3.5-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SCSs. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For a |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| given |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| all   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idths |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| same  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SCSs. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| The   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggre |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gated |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| must  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eater |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| equal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nimum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| class |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| de    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| fined |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.3A  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| .5-1, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sm    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aller |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| equal |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ma    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ximum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| aggre |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gated |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idth. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Mi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nimum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Power |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Class |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 are |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ingle |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| downl |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ink/u |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Mi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nimum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Power |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Class |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1.5   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ingle |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| downl |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ink/u |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ingle |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| car   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| riers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| power |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| class |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| other |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| PC3   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| li    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sted. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.5A.1-2: Void

### 5.5A.2 Configurations for intra-band non-contiguous CA

Table 5.5A.2-1: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets
defined for intra-band non-contiguous CA

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NR CA | U     | Ch    | Ch    | Ch    | Ch    | Ma    | Band  |
| Con   | plink | annel | annel | annel | annel | ximum | width |
| figur | CA    | bandw | bandw | bandw | bandw |       | c     |
| ation | Conf  | idths | idths | idths | idths | Aggre | ombin |
|       | igura | for   | for   | for   | for   | gated | ation |
|       | tions | ca    | ca    | ca    | ca    | band  | set   |
|       | or    | rrier | rrier | rrier | rrier | width |       |
|       | s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | ingle | (MHz) | (MHz) | (MHz) | (MHz) | (MHz) |       |
|       | u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | carri |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | er^5^ |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| CA\_n | \-    | 5,    | 5,    |       |       | 40    | 0     |
| 1(2A) |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 20    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | \-    | 5,    | 5,    |       |       | 40    | 0     |
| 2(2A) |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 20    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | \-    | 5,    | 5,    |       |       | 40    | 0     |
| 3(2A) |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 20    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | \-    | 5,    | 5,    |       |       | 60    | 1     |
|       |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 25,   | 25,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30    | 30    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | \-    | 5,    | 5,    |       |       | 25    | 0     |
| 5(2A) |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 20    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| CA\_n | \-    | 5,    | 5,    |       |       | 40    | 0     |
| 7(2A) |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 20    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | 5     | 5     |       |       | 10    | 0     |
| A\_n1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | 5,    | 5,    |       |       | 40    | 0     |
| A\_n2 |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       |       |
| 5(2A) |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 20    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 5,    | 5,    |       |       | 60    | 1     |
|       |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 25,   | 25,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40    | 40    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | See   |       |       | 60    | 4 and |       |
|       |       | n25   |       |       |       | 5     |       |
|       |       | ch    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | bandw |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | idths |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | in    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | Table |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 3.5-1 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | for   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | each  |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | ca    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | rrier |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | 5,    | 5,    | 5,    |       | 55    | 0     |
| A\_n2 |       | 10,   | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       |
| 5(3A) |       | 15,   | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 25,   | 25,   | 25,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40    | 40    | 40    |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | See   |       |       | 55    | 4 and |       |
|       |       | n25   |       |       |       | 5     |       |
|       |       | ch    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | bandw |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | idths |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | in    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | Table |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 3.5-1 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | for   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | each  |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | ca    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | rrier |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n41   | 40,   | 40,   |       |       | 180   | 0     |
| A\_n4 | ^3,4^ | 50,   | 50,   |       |       |       |       |
| 1(2A) | C     | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |
|       | A\_n4 | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |
|       | 1(2A) | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       | 190   | 1     |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 50,   | 50,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       | \-    | 10,   | 15,   |       |       | 190   | 2     |
|       |       | 15,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 30,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 40,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40,   | 50,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 50,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90    | 100   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       | 190   | 3     |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 50,   | 50,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 70,   | 70,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | See   |       |       | 190   | 4 and |       |
|       |       | n41   |       |       |       | 5     |       |
|       |       | ch    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | bandw |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | idths |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | in    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | Table |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 3.5-1 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | for   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | each  |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | ca    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | rrier |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n41   | 10,   | 10,   | 10,   |       | 190   | 0     |
| A\_n4 | ^3,4^ | 15,   | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |
| 1(3A) |       | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40,   | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 50,   | 50,   | 50,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 70,   | 70,   | 70,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 90,   | 90,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | See   |       | 190   | 4 and |       |       |
|       |       | n41   |       |       | 5     |       |       |
|       |       | ch    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | bandw |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | idths |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | in    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | Table |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 3.5-1 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | for   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | each  |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | ca    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | rrier |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n     | 10,   | 10,   | 10,   | 10,   | 190   | 0     |
| A\_n4 | 41^3^ | 15,   | 15,   | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |
| 1(4A) |       | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |
|       |       | 40,   | 40,   | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |
|       |       | 50,   | 50,   | 50,   | 50,   |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 60,   | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |
|       |       | 70,   | 70,   | 70,   | 70,   |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 80,   | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 90,   | 90,   | 90,   |       |       |
|       |       | 100   | 100   | 100   | 100   |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | See   | 190   | 4 and |       |       |       |
|       |       | n41   |       | 5     |       |       |       |
|       |       | ch    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | bandw |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | idths |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | in    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | Table |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 3.5-1 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | for   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | each  |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | ca    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | rrier |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | 10,   | 10,   |       |       | 1     | 0     |
| A\_n4 |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       | 40^2^ |       |
| 8(2A) |       | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 50,   | 50,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       | 1     | 1     |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       | 40^2^ |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 50,   | 50,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 70,   | 70,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | 10,   | 10,   | 10,   |       | 1     | 0     |
| A\_n4 |       | 15,   | 15,   | 15,   |       | 40^2^ |       |
| 8(3A) |       | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 4     | 4     | 4     |       |       |       |
|       |       | 0,50, | 0,50, | 0,50, |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 90,   | 90,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10,   | 10,   | 10,   |       | 1     | 1     |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   | 15,   |       | 40^2^ |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40,   | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 50,   | 50,   | 50,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 70,   | 70,   | 70,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 90,   | 90,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | 10,   | 10,   | 10,   | 10,   | 1     | 0     |
| A\_n4 |       | 15,   | 15,   | 15,   | 15,   | 35^2^ |       |
| 8(4A) |       | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |
|       |       | 40,   | 40,   | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |
|       |       | 50,   | 50,   | 50,   | 50,   |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 60,   | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 80,   | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 90,   | 90,   | 90,   |       |       |
|       |       | 100   | 100   | 100   | 100   |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10,   | 10,   | 10,   | 10,   | 1     | 1     |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   | 15,   | 15,   | 35^2^ |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |
|       |       | 40,   | 40,   | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |
|       |       | 50,   | 50,   | 50,   | 50,   |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 60,   | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |
|       |       | 70,   | 70,   | 70,   | 70,   |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 80,   | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 90,   | 90,   | 90,   |       |       |
|       |       | 100   | 100   | 100   | 100   |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | 5,    | 5,    |       |       | 60    | 0     |
| A\_n6 |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       |       |
| 6(2A) |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    | 20,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | 40    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 5,    | 5,    |       |       | 80    | 1     |
|       |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 25,   | 25,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40    | 40    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 5,    | 5,    |       |       | 80    | 2     |
|       |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40    | 40    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | See   |       |       | 85    | 4 and |       |
|       |       | n66   |       |       |       | 5     |       |
|       |       | ch    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | bandw |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | idths |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | in    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | Table |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 3.5-1 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | for   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | each  |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | ca    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | rrier |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | 5,    | 5,    | 5,    |       | 80    | 0     |
| A\_n6 |       | 10,   | 10,   | 10,   |       |       |       |
| 6(3A) |       | 15,   | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40    | 40    | 40    |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | 5,    | 5,1   |       |       | 30    | 0     |
| A\_n7 |       | 10,   | 0,15, |       |       |       |       |
| 1(2A) |       | 15,   | 20    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20    |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | See   |       |       | 30    | 4 and |       |
|       |       | n71   |       |       |       | 5     |       |
|       |       | ch    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | bandw |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | idths |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | in    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | Table |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 3.5-1 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | for   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | each  |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | ca    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | rrier |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | up to |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 25    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | MHz   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | per   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | ca    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | rrier |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n77   | 20,   | 20,   |       |       | 200   | 0     |
| A\_n7 | ^3,4^ | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |       |
| 7(2A) |       | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |
|       | C     | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |       |
|       | A\_n7 |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | 7(2A) |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       | 200   | 1     |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 25,   | 25,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 50,   | 50,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 70,   | 70,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | See   |       |       | 200   | 4 and |       |
|       |       | n77   |       |       |       | 5     |       |
|       |       | ch    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | annel |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | bandw |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | idths |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | in    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | Table |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 3.5-1 |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | for   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | each  |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | ca    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | rrier |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n77   | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   |       | 300   | 0     |
| A\_n7 |       | 40,   | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |
| 7(3A) |       | 80,   | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10,   | 10,   | 10,   |       | 300   | 1     |
|       |       | 15,   | 15,   | 15,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 25,   | 25,   | 25,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40,   | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 50,   | 50,   | 50,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 70,   | 70,   | 70,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 90,   | 90,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | n78   | 10,   | 10,   |       |       | 200   | 0     |
| A\_n7 |       | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |
| 8(2A) | C     | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |       |
|       | A\_n7 | 50,   | 50,   |       |       |       |       |
|       | 8(2A) | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       | 200   | 1     |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 25,   | 25,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 50,   | 50,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|       |       | 10,   | 10,   |       |       | 200   | 2     |
|       |       | 20,   | 20,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 25,   | 25,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 30,   | 30,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 50,   | 50,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 70,   | 70,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80,   | 80,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 90,   | 90,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 100   | 100   |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | 20,   | 20,   |       |       | 160   | 0     |
| A\_n9 |       | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |       |
| 6(2A) |       | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80    | 80    |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   |       | 240   | 0     |
| A\_n9 |       | 40,   | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |       |
| 6(3A) |       | 60,   | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |       |
|       |       | 80    | 80    | 80    |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | \-    | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   | 20,   | 320   | 0     |
| A\_n9 |       | 40,   | 40,   | 40,   | 40,   |       |       |
| 6(4A) |       | 60,   | 60,   | 60,   | 60,   |       |       |
|       |       | 80    | 80    | 80    | 80    |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Void. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Para  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| meter |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| value |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| acc   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ounts |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| both, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ma    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ximum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| range |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| n48   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (150  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| MHz), |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| mi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nimum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| freq  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| uency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| gaps  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| be    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tween |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NR    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| non-  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| conti |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| guous |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| comp  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| onent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| carr  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| iers. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Mi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nimum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Power |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Class |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2 are |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| app   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| licab |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lefor |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ingle |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| downl |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ink/u |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Mi    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nimum |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| re    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| quire |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ments |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Power |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Class |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 1.5   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| or    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ingle |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ca    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rrier |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| in    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| this  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| downl |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ink/u |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| c     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ombin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Only  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| s     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ingle |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| u     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| plink |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| car   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| riers |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| with  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| power |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| class |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| other |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| than  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| PC3   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| are   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| li    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| sted. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| NOTE  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 6:    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| width |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| of    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| each  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| comp  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| onent |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| car   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| rier, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refer |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| to    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Table |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 5.    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3.5-1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| appli |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| cable |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SCSs. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| For a |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| given |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| band, |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| not   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| all   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| UE    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ch    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| annel |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| bandw |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idths |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| su    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pport |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| the   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| same  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| SCSs. |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Table 5.5A.2-2: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combination sets
defined for mixed intra-band contiguous and non-contiguous CA

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>NR CA configuration</td>
<td>Uplink CA configuration or single uplink carrier<sup>4</sup></td>
<td>NR Band</td>
<td>Channel bandwidth (MHz)</td>
<td>Bandwidth combination set</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n41(A-C)</td>
<td>n41<sup>2,3</sup></td>
<td>n41</td>
<td></td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>60</td>
<td>70</td>
<td>80</td>
<td>90</td>
<td>100</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>See CA_n41C Bandwidth Combination Set 2 in Table 5.5A.1-1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>See n41 channel bandwidths in Table 5.3.5-1</td>
<td>4 and 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>See CA_n41C Bandwidth Combination Set 4 and 5 in Table 5.5A.1-1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n41(2A-C)</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>See CA_n41(2A) Bandwidth Combination Set 3 in Table 5.5A.2-1</td>
<td>0</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>See CA_n41C Bandwidth Combination Set 1 in Table 5.5A.1-1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>See CA_n41(2A) Bandwidth Combination Set 4 and 5 in Table 5.5A.2-1</td>
<td>4 and 5</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n41</td>
<td>See CA_n41C Bandwidth Combination Set 4 and 5 in Table 5.5A.1-1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>CA_n48(A-B)</td>
<td>CA_n48B</td>
<td>n48</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>60<sup>1</sup></td>
<td></td>
<td>80<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>90<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>100<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n48</td>
<td>See CA_n48B Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.1-1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>CA_n48B</td>
<td>n48</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>20</td>
<td></td>
<td>30</td>
<td>40</td>
<td>50<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>60<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>70<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>80<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>90<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>100<sup>1</sup></td>
<td>1</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>n48</td>
<td>See CA_n48B Bandwidth Combination Set 2 in Table 5.5A.1-1</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>NOTE 1: This UE channel bandwidth is applicable only to downlink</p>
<p>NOTE 2: Minimum requirements for Power Class 2 are applicable for this uplink combination or single uplink carrier in this downlink/uplink combination</p>
<p>NOTE 3: Minimum requirements for Power Class 1.5 are applicable for this uplink combination or single uplink carrier in this downlink/uplink combination</p>
<p>NOTE 4: Only single uplink carriers with power class other than PC3 are listed.</p>
<p>NOTE 5: For each channel bandwidth of each component carrier, refer to Table 5.3.5-1 for the applicable SCSs. For a given band, not all UE channel bandwidths support the same SCSs.</p></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### 5.5A.3 Configurations for inter-band CA

**Table 5.5A.3-1: Void**

**Table 5.5A.3-2: Void**

**Table 5.5A.3-3: Void**

#### 5.5A.3.1 Configurations for inter-band CA (**two bands)**

**Table 5.5A.3.1-1a: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations
sets defined for inter-band CA (two bands)**

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink CA    | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              | or single    |         | 3)           |              |
|              | uplink       |         |              |              |
|              | carrier^10^  |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| CA\_n1A-n3A  | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n3B  | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n3B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1B-n3A  | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | C            | 0            |
|              |              |         | A\_n1B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | C            | 1            |
|              |              |         | A\_n1B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| \_n1A-n3(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n1(2A)-n3A |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| 1(2A)-n3(2A) |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n1(2A)-n3B |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n3B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n5A  | CA\_n1A-n5A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n1(2A)-n5A |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n7A  | CA\_n1A-n7A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n7B  | CA\_n1A-n7A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n7B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n1(2A)-n7A |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n8A  | CA\_n1A-n8A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n1(2A)-n8A |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| **CA         | **CA         | **n1**  | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| \_n1A-n18A** | \_n1A-n18A** |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n18** | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n20A | CA\_n1A-n20A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n20     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n28A | CA\_n1A-n28A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n1(2A)-n28A |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n38A | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n1(2A)-n38A |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n40A | CA\_n1A-n40A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n40B | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n40B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n41A | CA\_n1A-n41A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n67A | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n67     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n74A | CA\_n1A-n74A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n74     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n77A | CA\_n1A-n77A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n1A-n77A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n1A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n1A-n77A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n1A-n77(3A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(3A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n78A | n78^8^       | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n1A-n78A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 3            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n1A-n78A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n1A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n78C | CA\_n78C     | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n78C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n78C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n78C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n1(2A)-n78A |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n79A | CA\_n1A-n79A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n79C | CA\_n1A-n79A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n1(2A)-n79A |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n1(2A)-n79C |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

**Table 5.5A.3.1-1b: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations
sets defined for inter-band CA (two bands)**

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink CA    | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              | or single    |         | 3)           |              |
|              | uplink       |         |              |              |
|              | carrier^10^  |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| CA\_n2A-n5A  | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n5B  | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n5B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n2(2A)-n5A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n7A  | CA\_n2A-n7A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | CA\_n2A-n7A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| \_n2A-n7(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n12A | CA\_n2A-n12A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n12     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n2A-n12A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n2(2A)-n12A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n12     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n14A | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n2(2A)-n14A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n29A | \-           | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n2(2A)-n29A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n30A | CA\_n2A-n30A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n2A-n30A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n2(2A)-n30A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n38A | \-           | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n41A | \-           | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n48A | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^6^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n48B | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n48C | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n2A-n48(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n2A-n48(A-B) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n4       |              |
|              |              |         | 8(A-B)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n4       |              |
|              |              |         | 8(A-B)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n66A | \-           | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n2(2A)-n66A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n2A-n66(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| (2A)-n66(2A) |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| (2A)-n66(3A) |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n2A-n66(3A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n66B | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n66B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n71A | \-           | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n77A | n77^8,9^     | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | n77^8,9^     | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n2A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA           |         |              |              |
|              | \_n77(2A)^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n77C | n77^8^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | n77^8,\ 9^   | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n2(2A)-n77A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | n77^8^       | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| (2A)-n77(2A) |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA           |         |              |              |
|              | \_n77(2A)^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | n77^8^       | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n2(2A)-n77C |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n78A | CA\_n2A-n78A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n2A-n78A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n2A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

**Table 5.5A.3.1-1c: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations
sets defined for inter-band CA (two bands)**

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink CA    | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              | or single    |         | 3)           |              |
|              | uplink       |         |              |              |
|              | carrier^10^  |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| CA\_n3A-n5A  | CA\_n3A-n5A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | \-           | n3      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n3(2A)-n5A |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n7A  | CA\_n3A-n7A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n7B  | CA\_n3A-n7A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\_n7B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | \-           | n3      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n3(2A)-n7A |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | CA\_         | 1            |
|              |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3B-n7A  | \-           | n3      | C            | 0            |
|              |              |         | A\_n3B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n8A  | CA\_n3A-n8A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | \-           | n3      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n3(2A)-n8A |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n18A | CA\_n3A-n18A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n18     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n20A | CA\_n3A-n20A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n20     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n28A | CA\_n3A-n28A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n3      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n3(2A)-n28A |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n34A | CA\_n3A-n34A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n34     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n38A | CA\_n3A-n38A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3B-n38A | \-           | n3      | C            | 0            |
|              |              |         | A\_n3B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n3      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n3(2A)-n38A |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n40A | CA\_n3A-n40A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n41A | n41^8^       | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n3A-n41A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n41B | CA\_n3A-n41A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n41C | CA\_n3A-n41A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n3A-n41A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n3A-n41(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n67A | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n67     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n74A | CA\_n3A-n74A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n74     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n75A | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n75     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n77A | CA\_n3A-n77A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | **C          | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n3A-n77(2A) | A\_n77(2A)** |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n3A-n77A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n3A-n77(3A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n78A | n78^8^       | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n3A-n78A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40,          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n78C | CA\_n78C     | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n78C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n78C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | **CA         | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n3A-n78(2A) | \_n3A-n78A** |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | **C          |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n78(2A)** |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | **CA         | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              | \_n3A-n78A** |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n3      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n3(2A)-n78A |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | CA\_         | 1            |
|              |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3B-n78A | \-           | n3      | C            | 0            |
|              |              |         | A\_n3B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n79A | CA\_n3A-n79A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n3A-n79A | n3      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n3(2A)-n79A |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n79C | CA\_n79C     | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n3A-n79A | n3      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n3(2A)-n79C |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3B-n79A | \-           | n3      | C            | 0            |
|              |              |         | A\_n3B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3B-n79C | \-           | n3      | C            | 0            |
|              |              |         | A\_n3B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

**Table 5.5A.3.1-1d: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations
sets defined for inter-band CA (two bands)**

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink CA    | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              | or single    |         | 3)           |              |
|              | uplink       |         |              |              |
|              | carrier^10^  |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| CA\_n5A-n7A  | CA\_n5A-n7A  | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n7B  | CA\_n5A-n7A  | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n7B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n12A | CA\_n5A-n12A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n12     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n14A | CA\_n5A-n14A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n25A | CA\_n5A-n25A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n5A-n25A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n5A-n25(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n28A | \-           | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n29A | \-           | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n30A | CA\_n5A-n30A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n40A | CA\_n5A-n40A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5^5^, 10,    |              |
|              |              |         | 15, 20, 25,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80,90,100    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n48A | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^6^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n5A-n48(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n48B | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n48C | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n5A-n48(A-B) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n4       |              |
|              |              |         | 8(A-B)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n4       |              |
|              |              |         | 8(A-B)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n66A | CA\_n5A-n66A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5B-n66A | CA\_n5A-n66A | n5      | C            | 0            |
|              |              |         | A\_n5B\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n5B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n5A-n66A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n5A-n66(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n5A-n66A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n5A-n66(3A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n5A-n66A | n5      | C            | 0            |
| _n5B-n66(2A) |              |         | A\_n5B\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n5B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n77A | n77^8,\ 9^   | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | n77^8^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n5A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n77(2A)  |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | n77^8^       | n5      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n5(2A)-n77A |              |         | n5(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n77C | n77^8^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | n77^8^       | n5      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n5(2A)-n77C |              |         | n5(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | CA\_         | 1            |
|              |              |         | n5(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5B-n77A | n77^8^       | n5      | C            | 0            |
|              |              |         | A\_n5B\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5B-n77C | n77^8^       | n5      | C            | 0            |
|              |              |         | A\_n5B\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | C            | 1            |
|              |              |         | A\_n5B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n78A | n78^8^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n78A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n5A-n78A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n5A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n78C | CA\_n5A-n78A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n78C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n78C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n79A | CA\_n5A-n79A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n79C | CA\_n5A-n79A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

**Table 5.5A.3.1-1e: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations
sets defined for inter-band CA (two bands)**

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink CA    | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              | or single    |         | 3)           |              |
|              | uplink       |         |              |              |
|              | carrier^10^  |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| CA\_n7A-n8A  | \-           | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n25A | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n7A-n25(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n7(2A)-n25A |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7       | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| (2A)-n25(2A) |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n28A | CA\_n7A-n28A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7B-n28A | CA\_n7A-n28A | n7      | C            | 0            |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n7B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n40A | CA\_n7A-n40A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 70, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n46A | CA\_n7A-n46A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n46     | 20, 40, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n46C | CA\_n7A-n46A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n46     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n46D | CA\_n7A-n46A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n46     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n66A | CA\_n7A-n66A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n7A-n66A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n7A-n66(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n7A-n66A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n7(2A)-n66A |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7       | CA\_n7A-n66A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| (2A)-n66(2A) |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n77A | CA\_n7A-n77A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n7A-n77A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n7(2A)-n77A |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n7A-n77A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n7A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7       | CA\_n7A-n77A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| (2A)-n77(2A) |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n78A | n78^8^       | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n7A-n78A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7B-n78A | n78^8^       | n7      | C            | 0            |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n7A-n78A^8^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n7A-n78A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n7A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n7A-n78A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| _n7(2A)-n78A |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | CA\_         | 1            |
|              |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7       | CA\_n7A-n78A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| (2A)-n78(2A) |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | CA\_         | 1            |
|              |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n79A | \-           | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n79C | \-           | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n8A-n20A | \-           | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n20     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n8A-n28A | \-           | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n8A-n34A | CA\_n8A-n34A | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n34     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| **CA         | \-           | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| \_n8A-n38A** |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n8A-n39A | CA\_n8A-n39A | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n8A-n40A | CA\_n8A-n40A | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n8A-n41A | CA\_n8A-n41A | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n8A-n75A | \-           | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n75     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n8A-n77A | \-           | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n8A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n8A-n78A | CA\_n8A-n78A | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n8A-n78A | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n8A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n8A-n79A | CA\_n8A-n79A | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 10, 20, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

**Table 5.5A.3.1-1f: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations
sets defined for inter-band CA (two bands)**

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink CA    | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              | or single    |         | 3)           |              |
|              | uplink       |         |              |              |
|              | carrier^10^  |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| C            | \-           | n12     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| A\_n12A-n25A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n12     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| A\_n12A-n30A | A\_n12A-n30A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n12     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| A\_n12A-n48A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n12     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| A\_n12A-n66A | A\_n12A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n12     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| n12A-n66(2A) | A\_n12A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n12     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| n12A-n66(3A) | A\_n12A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n12     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| A\_n12A-n71A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77^8,\ 9^   | n12     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| A\_n12A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n12A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^8,\ 9^   | n12     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| n12A-n77(2A) |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n12A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n13     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n13A-n25A | A\_n13A-n25A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n13     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n13A-n66A | A\_n13A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n13     | 5, 10,       | 1            |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77^8,\ 9^   | n13     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n13A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n13A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n14A-n30A | A\_n14A-n30A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n14A-n66A | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n14A-n66(2A) | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n14A-n66(3A) | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77^8,\ 9^   | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n14A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n14A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^8,\ 9^   | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n14A-n77(2A) |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n14A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| **CA\        | C            | **n18** | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| _n18A-n28A** | A\_n18A-n28A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n28** | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n18     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| A\_n18A-n41A | A\_n18A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| **CA\        | **CA\        | **n18** | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| _n18A-n74A** | _n18A-n74A** |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n74** | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n18     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| A\_n18A-n77A | A\_n18A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n18     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| n18A-n77(2A) | A\_n18A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n18     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| n18A-n77(3A) | A\_n18A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(3A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n18     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| A\_n18A-n78A | A\_n18A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n18     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| n18A-n78(2A) | A\_n18A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

**Table 5.5A.3.1-1g: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations
sets defined for inter-band CA (two bands)**

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink CA    | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              | or single    |         | 3)           |              |
|              | uplink       |         |              |              |
|              | carrier^10^  |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| C            | C            | n20     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n20A-n28A | A\_n20A-n28A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n20     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| **CA\        | \-           | n20     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n20A-n40A** |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| **CA\        | **-**        | **n20** | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n20A-n67A** |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n67** | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n20     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n20A-n75A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n75     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n20     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n20A-n78A | A\_n20A-n78A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n24A-n41A | A\_n24A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n24A-n41(2A) | A\_n24A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n24A-n48A | A\_n24A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^6^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n24A-n48B | A\_n24A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n24A-n48(2A) | A\_n24A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n24A-n48(3A) | A\_n24A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n24A-n77A | A\_n24A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n24A-n77C | A\_n24A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n24A-n77(2A) | A\_n24A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n25A-n29A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n25A-n38A | A\_n25A-n38A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n38A | A\_n25A-n38A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n41^8,\ 9^   | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n25A-n41A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n25A-n41A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | See n25      | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | channel      |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | See n41      |              |
|              |              |         | channel      |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,\ 9^   | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n41A |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n25A-n41A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n25(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | See n41      |              |
|              |              |         | channel      |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,\ 9^   | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n41C |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n25A-n41A^8^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n25(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n41C\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25      | n41^8,\ 9^   | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n41(2A) |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              | CA\_n        |         |              |              |
|              | 25A-n41A ^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS3 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n25(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n41^8,\ 9^   | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n25A-n41C |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n25A-n41A^8^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n41C BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,\ 9^   | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25A-n41(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n25A-n41A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS3 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,\ 9^   | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25A-n41(3A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_         |         | 40           |              |
|              | n25A-n41A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n41(3A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n41^8,\ 9^   | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 25A-n41(A-C) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_         |         | 40           |              |
|              | n25A-n41A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n4       |              |
|              |              |         | 1(A-C)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(A-C)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n25A-n46A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n46     | 20, 40, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n25A-n48A | A\_n25A-n48A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^6^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^6^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25A-n48(2A) | A\_n25A-n48A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n25A-n48C | A\_n25A-n48A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n25A-n66A | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25A-n66(2A) | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n66A | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        | 2            |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n25(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25      | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n66(2A) | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        | 2            |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n25(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n25A-n71A | A\_n25A-n71A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n25A-n71B | A\_n25A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n71B\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25A-n71(2A) | A\_n25A-n71A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n71(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n71A | A\_n25A-n71A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n25(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25      | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n71(2A) | A\_n25A-n71A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n25(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n71(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n71B | A\_n25A-n71A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n25(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n71B\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77^8,9^     | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n25A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n25A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^8,9^     | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_         |         | 40           |              |
|              | n25A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^8,9^     | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n77A |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n25A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n25(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25      | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n77(2A) | A\_n25A-n77A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n25(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n25A-n78A | A\_n25A-n78A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25A-n78(2A) | A\_n25A-n78A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n78A | A\_n25A-n78A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25      | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n78(2A) | A\_n25A-n78A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

**Table 5.5A.3.1-1h: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations
sets defined for inter-band CA (two bands)**

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink CA    | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              | or single    |         | 3)           |              |
|              | uplink       |         |              |              |
|              | carrier^10^  |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| C            | C            | n26     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n26A-n66A | A\_n26A-n66A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n26     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n26A-n66(2A) | A\_n26A-n66A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n26     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n26A-n70A | A\_n26A-n70A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n34A | A\_n28A-n34A |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n34     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n38A |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n39A | A\_n28A-n39A |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n40A | A\_n28A-n40A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n40B |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n40B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n41^8^       | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n41A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n28A-n41A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n28     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n41B | A\_n28A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n41C | A\_n28A-n41A |         | 20, 30       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n46A | A\_n28A-n46A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n46     | 20, 40, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n46C | A\_n28A-n46A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n46     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n46D | A\_n28A-n46A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n46     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n50A | A\_n28A-n50A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n50     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80^1^    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n71A |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n74A | A\_n28A-n74A |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n74     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n75A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n75     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | \-           | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n75     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n77A | A\_n28A-n77A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n77(2A)  | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n28A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n28     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n28A-n77(3A) | A\_n28A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n78^8^       | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n28A-n78A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n78(2A)  | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n28A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n79^8^       | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n79A |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n28A-n79A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | CA\_n79C     | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n28A-n79C |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n29A-n30A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n29A-n66A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        | 1            |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n29A-n66B |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n66B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n29A-n66(2A) |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        | 1            |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n29A-n66(3A) |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n29A-n70A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^,^,^    |              |
|              |              |         | 25^1^        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n29A-n71A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77^8,\ 9^   | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n29A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^8,\ 9^   | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n29A-n77(2A) |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

**Table 5.5A.3.1-1i: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations
sets defined for inter-band CA (two bands)**

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink CA    | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              | or single    |         | 3)           |              |
|              | uplink       |         |              |              |
|              | carrier^10^  |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| C            | C            | n30     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n30A-n66A | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n30     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n30A-n66(2A) | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n30     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n30A-n66(3A) | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77^8,\ 9^   | n30     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| A\_n30A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^8,\ 9^   | n30     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n30A-n77(2A) |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n77(2A)  |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n34     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| A\_n34A-n40A | A\_n34A-n40A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n34     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| A\_n34A-n41A | A\_n34A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30 ,40 ,50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n34     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| A\_n34A-n41C | A\_n34A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n34     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| A\_n34A-n79A | A\_n34A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n34     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| A\_n34A-n79C | A\_n34A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n38A-n40A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n38A-n66A | A\_n38A-n66A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n38A-n66(2A) | A\_n38A-n66A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n38A-n71A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n38A-n78A | A\_n38A-n78A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n38A-n78(2A) | A\_n38A-n78A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n38A-n79A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n38A-n79C |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n39A-n40A | A\_n39A-n40A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n39A-n41A | A\_n39A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n39A-n41C | A\_n39A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n39A-n41(2A) | A\_n39A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n39A-n79A | A\_n39A-n79A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n41^8^       | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n40A-n41A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_         |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              | n40A-n41A^8^ |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | CA\_n41C     | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n40A-n41C |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 40           |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n40     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n40A-n77A | A\_n40A-n77A |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^4^, 80,   |              |
|              |              |         | 90^4^, 100   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n40     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n40A-n77(2A) | A\_n40A-n77A |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n40     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n40A-n77C |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n40     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n40B-n77A | A\_n40A-n77A |         | \_n40B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^4^, 80,   |              |
|              |              |         | 90^4^, 100   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n40     | CA           | 0            |
| n40B-n77(2A) | A\_n40A-n77A |         | \_n40B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n40     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n40B-n77C | A\_n40A-n77A |         | \_n40B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n40A-n78A | A\_n40A-n78A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 70, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n40A-n78(2A) | A\_n40A-n78A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n40     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n40A-n78C | A\_n40A-n78A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n78C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n40     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n40B-n78A |              |         | \_n40B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n40     | CA           | 1            |
|              | A\_n40A-n78A |         | \_n40B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n40     | CA           | 0            |
| n40B-n78(2A) | A\_n40A-n78A |         | \_n40B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n40     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n40B-n78C | A\_n40A-n78A |         | \_n40B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n78C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n40A-n79A | A\_n40A-n79A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

**Table 5.5A.3.1-1j: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations
sets defined for inter-band CA (two bands)**

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink CA    | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              | or single    |         | 3)           |              |
|              | uplink       |         |              |              |
|              | carrier^10^  |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| C            | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n48A | A\_n41A-n48A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^6^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n48B | A\_n41A-n48A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n48C | A\_n41A-n48A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n41A-n48(2A) | A\_n41A-n48A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n41C-n48A | A\_n41A-n48A |         | \_n41C\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^6^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n41C-n48B | A\_n41A-n48A |         | \_n41C\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n41C-n48C | A\_n41A-n48A |         | \_n41C\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n41(2A)-n48A | A\_n41A-n48A |         | 41(2A)\_BCS3 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^6^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^6^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n41(2A)-n48B | A\_n41A-n48A |         | 41(2A)\_BCS3 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n41(2A)-n48C | A\_n41A-n48A |         | 41(2A)\_BCS3 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41      | C            | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n48(2A) | A\_n41A-n48A |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n50A | A\_n41A-n50A |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n50     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80^1^    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n41^8,9^     | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n66A |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              | CA\_         |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
|              | n41A-n66A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 1            |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,\ 9^   | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n41(2A)-n66A |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n66A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,\ 9^   | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n41A-n66(2A) |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              | CA\_         |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | n41A-n66A^8^ |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 1            |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n41^8,\ 9^   | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n41C-n66A |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n66A^8^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           | 1            |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | C            | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | A\_n41C\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,\ 9^   | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| n41C-n66(2A) |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS2 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n66A^8^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | C            | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | A\_n41C\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41      | n41^8,\ 9^   | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n66(2A) |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS3 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n66A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,\ 9^   | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n41(3A)-n66A |              |         | 41(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n66A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40,          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n41(3A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n41^8,\ 9^   | n41     | CA\_n4       | 0            |
| 41(A-C)-n66A |              |         | 1(A-C)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n66A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | 41(A-C)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n70A | A\_n41A-n70A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n41^8,9^     | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n71A |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              | CA\_         |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
|              | n41A-n71A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 1            |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n41^8,9^     | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n71B |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              | CA\_         |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              | n41A-n71A^8^ |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 1            |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n71B\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,9^     | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n41A-n71(2A) |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              | CA\_         |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
|              | n41A-n71A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 1            |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n71(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n41^8,\ 9^   | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n41C-n71A |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n71A^8^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           | 1            |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | C            | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | A\_n41C\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,9^     | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| n41C-n71(2A) |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS1 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n71A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | C            | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | A\_n41C\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n71(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,\ 9^   | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n41(2A)-n71A |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n71A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS3 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41      | n41^8,9^     | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n71(2A) |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n71A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n71(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,9^     | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n41(2A)-n71B |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n71A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n71B\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,9^     | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n41(3A)-n71A |              |         | 41(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n71A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n41(3A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n41^8,9^     | n41     | CA\_n4       | 0            |
| 41(A-C)-n71A |              |         | 1(A-C)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n71A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | 41(A-C)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n41^8,9^     | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n41C-n71B |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n71A^8^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           | 1            |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | C            | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | A\_n41C\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n71B\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| **CA\        | **CA\        | **n41** | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| _n41A-n74A** | _n41A-n74A** |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n74** | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n41^8,9^     | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n77A |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              | n77^8,9^     |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 1            |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n41B-n77A | A\_n41A-n77A |         | \_n41B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,9^     | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n41(2A)-n77A |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              | n77^8,9^     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,9^     | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n41(3A)-n77A |              |         | 41(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | n77^8,9^     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n41(3A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n41^8,9^     | n41     | CA\_n4       | 0            |
| 41(A-C)-n77A |              |         | 1(A-C)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | n77^8,9^     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | 41(A-C)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n41^8,9^     | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n41C-n77A |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
|              | n77^8,9^     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | C            | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | A\_n41C\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,9^     | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n41A-n77(2A) |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              | n77^8,9^     |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n41^8,9^     | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| n41C-n77(2A) |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
|              | n77^8,9^     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n41A-n77(3A) | A\_n41A-n77A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41      | \-           | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n77(2A) |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n77C | A\_n41A-n77A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n78A | A\_n41A-n78A |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 1            |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n41A-n78(2A) | A\_n41A-n78A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n78C | A\_n41A-n78A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n78C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n41^8^       | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n41A-n79A |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              | n79^8^       |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n41A-n79A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 1            |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 2            |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n41C-n79A | A\_n41A-n79A |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

**Table 5.5A.3.1-1k: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations
sets defined for inter-band CA (two bands)**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| **NR CA     | **Uplink CA | **NR Band** | **Channel   | **Bandwidth |
| conf        | co          |             | bandwidth   | combination |
| iguration** | nfiguration |             | (MHz) (NOTE | set**       |
|             | or single   |             | 3)**        |             |
|             | uplink      |             |             |             |
|             | ca          |             |             |             |
|             | rrier^10^** |             |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | 20, 40, 60, | 0           |
| \_n46A-n48A | \_n46A-n48A |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n46         | 20, 40, 60, | 1           |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 40,     |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n46         | 10, 20, 40, | 0           |
| 46A-n48(2A) | \_n46A-n48A |             | 60, 80      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n46         | 10, 20, 40, | 0           |
| 46A-n48(3A) | \_n46A-n48A |             | 60, 80      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(3A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n46         | 10, 20, 40, | 0           |
| 46A-n48(4A) | \_n46A-n48A |             | 60, 80      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(4A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | 20, 40, 60, | 0           |
| \_n46A-n48B | \_n46A-n48A |             | 80          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n46A-n48B |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | 20, 40, 60, | 0           |
| \_n46A-n48C | \_n46A-n48A |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46B-n48A | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n46         | CA\         | 1           |
|             |             |             | _n46B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 40,     |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| 46B-n48(2A) | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| 46B-n48(3A) | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(3A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| 46B-n48(4A) | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(4A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46B-n48B | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46B\_BCS0 |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n46A-n48B |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46B-n48C | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46C-n48A | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n46         | CA\         | 1           |
|             |             |             | _n46C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 40,     |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| 46C-n48(2A) | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| 46C-n48(3A) | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(3A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| 46C-n48(4A) | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(4A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46C-n48B | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46C\_BCS0 |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n46A-n48B |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46C-n48C | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46D-n48A | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n46         | CA\         | 1           |
|             |             |             | _n46D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 40,     |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| 46D-n48(2A) | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| 46D-n48(3A) | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(3A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| 46D-n48(4A) | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(4A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46D-n48B | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46D\_BCS0 |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n46A-n48B |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46D-n48C | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46M-n48A |             |             | _n46M\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| 46M-n48(2A) |             |             | _n46M\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| 46M-n48(3A) |             |             | _n46M\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(3A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| 46M-n48(4A) |             |             | _n46M\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(4A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46M-n48B |             |             | _n46M\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46M-n48C |             |             | _n46M\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46N-n48A | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46N\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 40,     |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| 46N-n48(2A) | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46N\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| 46N-n48(3A) | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46N\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(3A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| 46N-n48(4A) | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46N\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(4A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46N-n48B | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46N\_BCS1 |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n46A-n48B |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46N-n48C | \_n46A-n48A |             | _n46N\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | 20, 40, 60, | 0           |
| \_n46A-n66A |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | 20, 40, 60, | 0           |
| \_n46A-n78A | \_n46A-n78A |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46C-n78A | \_n46A-n78A |             | _n46C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46D-n78A | \_n46A-n78A |             | _n46D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | 10, 20, 40, | 0           |
| \_n46A-n96A |             |             | 60, 80      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | 20, 40, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46B-n96A |             |             | _n46N\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | 20, 40, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46C-n96A |             |             | _n46C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | 20, 40, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46D-n96A |             |             | _n46D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | 20, 40, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46M-n96A |             |             | _n46M\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | 20, 40, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46N-n96A |             |             | _n46N\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | 20, 40, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | 10, 20, 40, | 0           |
| \_n46A-n96B |             |             | 60, 80      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46B-n96B |             |             | _n46B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46C-n96B |             |             | _n46C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46D-n96B |             |             | _n46D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46M-n96B |             |             | _n46M\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46N-n96B |             |             | _n46N\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | 10, 20, 40, | 0           |
| \_n46A-n96C |             |             | 60, 80      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46B-n96C |             |             | _n46B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46C-n96C |             |             | _n46C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46D-n96C |             |             | _n46D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46M-n96C |             |             | _n46M\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46N-n96C |             |             | _n46N\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | 10, 20, 40, | 0           |
| \_n46A-n96D |             |             | 60, 80      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46B-n96D |             |             | _n46B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46C-n96D |             |             | _n46C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46D-n96D |             |             | _n46D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46M-n96D |             |             | _n46M\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46N-n96D |             |             | _n46N\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | 10, 20, 40, | 0           |
| \_n46A-n96E |             |             | 60, 80      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96E\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46B-n96E |             |             | _n46B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96E\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46C-n96E |             |             | _n46C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96E\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46D-n96E |             |             | _n46D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96E\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46M-n96E |             |             | _n46M\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96E\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n46         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n46N-n96E |             |             | _n46N\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96E\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

**Table 5.5A.3.1-1l: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations
sets defined for inter-band CA (two bands)**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| **NR CA     | **Uplink CA | **NR Band** | **Channel   | **Bandwidth |
| conf        | co          |             | bandwidth   | combination |
| iguration** | nfiguration |             | (MHz) (NOTE | set**       |
|             | or single   |             | 3)**        |             |
|             | uplink      |             |             |             |
|             | ca          |             |             |             |
|             | rrier^10^** |             |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| CA          | \-          | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n48A-n53A |             |             | 20, 40,     |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n53         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | \-          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(2A)-n53A |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n53         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n48A-n66A | \_n48A-n66A |             | 20, 40,     |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 40      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20, 40,     |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 2           |
|             |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^ ,     |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40,         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 48A-n66(2A) | \_n48A-n66A |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^ ,     |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48B-n66A | \_n48A-n66A |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 40      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         | 1           |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         | 2           |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| 48B-n66(2A) | \_n48A-n66A |             | _n48B\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48C-n66A | \_n48A-n66A |             | _n48C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 40      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         | 1           |
|             |             |             | _n48C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(2A)-n66A | \_n48A-n66A |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 40      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      | 1           |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      | 2           |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n48(    | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 2A)-n66(2A) | \_n48A-n66A |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n4      | CA          | n48         | CA\_n48     | 0           |
| 8(A-B)-n66A | \_n48A-n66A |             | (A-B)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n48     | 1           |
|             |             |             | (A-B)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n48A-n70A | \_n48A-n70A |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n70         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20^1^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 25^1^       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(2A)-n70A | \_n48A-n70A |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n70         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48B-n70A | \_n48A-n70A |             | _n48B\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n70         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20^1^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 25^1^       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n48A-n71A | \_n48A-n71A |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 48A-n71(2A) | \_n48A-n71A |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 1(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(2A)-n71A | \_n48A-n71A |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n48(    | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 2A)-n71(2A) | \_n48A-n71A |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 1(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(3A)-n71A | \_n48A-n71A |             | 8(3A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(4A)-n71A | \_n48A-n71A |             | 8(4A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48B-n71A | \_n48A-n71A |             | _n48B\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| 48B-n71(2A) | \_n48A-n71A |             | _n48B\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 1(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48C-n71A | \_n48A-n71A |             | _n48C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | n77^8,9^    | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n48A-n77A |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | n77^8^      | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n48A-n77C |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | \-          | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 48A-n77(2A) |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | n77^8,9^    | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(2A)-n77A |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      | 1           |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | n77^8^      | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(2A)-n77C |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      | 1           |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      | 2           |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      | 3           |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n48(    | \-          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 2A)-n77(2A) |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | n77^8,9^    | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48B-n77A |             |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         | 1           |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         | 2           |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | n77^8^      | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48B-n77C |             |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         | 1           |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         | 2           |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         | 3           |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n4      | n77^8,9^    | n48         | CA\_n48     | 0           |
| 8(A-B)-n77A |             |             | (A-B)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n48     | 1           |
|             |             |             | (A-B)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n48A-n96A | \_n48A-n96A |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | 20, 40, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(2A)-n96A | \_n48A-n96A |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | 20, 40, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(2A)-n96B | \_n48A-n96B |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(2A)-n96C | \_n48A-n96A |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(2A)-n96D | \_n48A-n96A |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(2A)-n96E | \_n48A-n96A |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96E\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(3A)-n96A | \_n48A-n96A |             | 8(3A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | 20, 40, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(3A)-n96B | \_n48A-n96B |             | 8(3A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(3A)-n96C | \_n48A-n96A |             | 8(3A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(3A)-n96D | \_n48A-n96A |             | 8(3A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(3A)-n96E | \_n48A-n96A |             | 8(3A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96E\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(4A)-n96A | \_n48A-n96A |             | 8(4A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | 20, 40, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(4A)-n96B | \_n48A-n96A |             | 8(4A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(4A)-n96C | \_n48A-n96A |             | 8(4A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(4A)-n96D | \_n48A-n96A |             | 8(4A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n       | CA          | n48         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| 48(4A)-n96E | \_n48A-n96A |             | 8(4A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96E\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n48A-n96B | \_n48A-n96A |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n48A-n96C | \_n48A-n96A |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n48A-n96D | \_n48A-n96A |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n48A-n96E | \_n48A-n96A |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96E\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48B-n96A | \_n48A-n96A |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n48B-n96A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | 20, 40, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48B-n96B | \_n48A-n96A |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n48B-n96A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48B-n96C | \_n48A-n96A |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n48B-n96A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48B-n96D | \_n48A-n96A |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n48B-n96A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48B-n96E | \_n48A-n96A |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n48B-n96A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96E\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48C-n96A | \_n48A-n96A |             | _n48C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | 20, 40, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48C-n96B | \_n48A-n96A |             | _n48C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48C-n96C | \_n48A-n96A |             | _n48C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48C-n96D | \_n48A-n96A |             | _n48C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96D\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n48         | CA\         | 0           |
| \_n48C-n96E | \_n48A-n96A |             | _n48C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n96         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n96E\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA          | n50         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n50A-n78A | \_n50A-n78A |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60,     |             |
|             |             |             | 80^1^       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

**Table 5.5A.3.1-1m: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations
sets defined for inter-band CA (two bands)**

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink CA    | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              | or single    |         | 3)           |              |
|              | uplink       |         |              |              |
|              | carrier^10^  |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| C            | \-           | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n66A-n70A |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n66     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n66B-n70A |              |         | \_n66B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n70A |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n66A-n71A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n66A-n71B | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n71B\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n71(2A) | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n71(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n71A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n71B | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n71B\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66      | C            | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n71(2A) | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n71(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n66     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n66B-n71A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | \_n66B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77^8,9^     | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n66A-n77A |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^8,9^     | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77A |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^8,9^     | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n77(2A)  |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^8^       | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n66(3A)-n77A |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66      | n77^8^       | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n77(2A) |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n77(2A)  |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77^8^       | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n66A-n77C |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_         |         | 40           |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^8^       | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77C |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77^8,9^     | n66     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n66B-n77A |              |         | \_n66B\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77^8^       | n66     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n66B-n77C |              |         | \_n66B\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA           | 1            |
|              |              |         | \_n66B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n66A-n78A | A\_n66A-n78A |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n78(2A) | A\_n66A-n78A |         | 20, 30, 40   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n78A | A\_n66A-n78A |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66      | C            | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n78(2A) | A\_n66A-n78A |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

**Table 5.5A.3.1-1n: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations
sets defined for inter-band CA (two bands)**

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink CA    | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              | or single    |         | 3)           |              |
|              | uplink       |         |              |              |
|              | carrier^10^  |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| C            | C            | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n70A-n71A | A\_n70A-n71A |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n70A-n71(2A) | A\_n70A-n71A |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n70A-n78A | A\_n70A-n78A |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77^8,\ 9^   | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n71A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n71A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^8,\ 9^   | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n71A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n71A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | n77^8,\ 9^   | n71     | CA           | 0            |
| A\_n71B-n77A |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS2 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n71A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | C            | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | A\_n71B\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n71     | CA           | 0            |
| n71B-n77(2A) | A\_n71A-n77A |         | \_n71B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | C            | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | A\_n71B\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^8,\ 9^   | n71     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n71(2A)-n77A |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n71A-n77A^8^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n71(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n71      | C            | n71     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| (2A)-n77(2A) | A\_n71A-n77A |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | n71(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n71A-n78A | A\_n71A-n78A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n71     | 10, 15, 20   | 0            |
| n71A-n78(2A) | A\_n71A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n74     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n74A-n77A | A\_n74A-n77A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n74     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n74A-n78A | A\_n74A-n78A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n75     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n75A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n75     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n75A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n76     | 5            | 0            |
| A\_n76A-n78A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n77A-n78A^2^ |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n77A-n79A | A\_n77A-n79A |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n77     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n77(2A)-n79A | A\_n77A-n79A |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n77     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n77(3A)-n79A | A\_n77A-n79A |         | 77(3A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n78A-n79A | A\_n78A-n79A |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  | 1            |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n78A-n79C |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n78     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n78(2A)-n79A | A\_n78A-n79A |         | 78(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | C            | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| A\_n78A-n92A | A\_n78A-n92A |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n92     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | C            | n78     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n78(2A)-n92A | A\_n78A-n92A |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n92     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

The following notes are applied to the above tables:

NOTE 1: This UE channel bandwidth is applicable only to downlink.

NOTE 2: The minimum requirements for intra-band contiguous or
non-contiguous CA apply.

NOTE 3: For each channel bandwidth of each component carrier, refer to
Table 5.3.5-1 for the applicable SCSs. For a given band, not all UE
channel bandwidths support the same SCSs..

NOTE 4: This UE channel bandwidth is optional in this release of the
specification.

NOTE 5: For this bandwidth, the minimum requirements are restricted to
operation when carrier is configured as a SCell part of DC or CA
configuration.

NOTE 6: For this bandwidth, the minimum requirements are restricted to
operation when carrier is configured as a downlink SCell part of CA
configuration

NOTE 7: Limited to operation at 3450-3550 MHz and 3700--3980 MHz.

NOTE 8: Minimum requirements for Power Class 2 are applicable for this
uplink combination or single uplink carrier in this downlink/uplink
combination

NOTE 9: Minimum requirements for Power Class 1.5 are applicable for this
uplink combination or single uplink carrier in this downlink/uplink
combination

NOTE 10: Only single uplink carriers with power class other than PC3 are
listed.

NOTE 11: The CA configurations are given in Table 5.5A.1-1 or Table
5.5A.2-1 in this specification

#### 5.5A.3.2 Configurations for inter-band CA (**three bands)**

**Table 5.5A.3.2-1: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations sets
defined for inter-band CA (three bands)**

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink CA    | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              |              |         | 3)           |              |
|              | or single    |         |              |              |
|              | uplink       |         |              |              |
|              | carrier^6^   |         |              |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| CA\          | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n1A-n3A-n5A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n5A  |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n5A  |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n1A-n3A-n7A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n7A  |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n7A  |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n1A-n3A-n7B |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n7A  |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n7A  |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n1A-n3B-n7A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n3B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A-n3(2A)-n7A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| (2A)-n3A-n7A |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| (2A)-n3B-n7A |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n3B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1(2A    | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| )-n3(2A)-n7A |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n3(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n1A-n3A-n8A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n3A-n18A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n18A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n18A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n18     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n3A\ | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n3A-n20A | C            |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | A\_n1A-n20A\ |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n20A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n20     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n3A-n28A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^2^        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n28A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n28A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 30^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n3A-n41A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n3A-n67A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n67     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n3A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A      | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| -n3A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n3A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n1A-n78A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n3A-n78A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 70, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A      | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| -n3A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n3A-n79A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n1A-n5A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n1A-n5A-n7A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n7A  |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n7A  |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n1A-n5A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n1A-n5A-n7B |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n7A  |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n7A  |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n5A-n28A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n5A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n5A-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^4^, 80,   |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA\_n1A-n7A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n1A-n7A-n8A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n8A  |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n8A  |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n7A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n7A-n40A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n40A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n40A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n7A-n79A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n7A-n79C |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1(      | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| 2A)-n7A-n79A |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1(      | \-           | n1      | CA\_         | 0            |
| 2A)-n7A-n79C |              |         | n1(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n79C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n8A-n28A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 10, 15, 20   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n8A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n8A-n40A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n40A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n8A-n40A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n8A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A      | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| -n8A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n7A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n7A-n28A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n28A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n28A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n28A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n7B-n28A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n7A  |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n28A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n7A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n7A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90^1^,   |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90^1^,   |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n78A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n7B-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n7A  |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^4^, 80,   |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A      | CA\_n1A-n7A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| -n7A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n8A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n8A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n8A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A      | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| -n8A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n8A-n79A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n1A-n18A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n18A-n28A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n28A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n18A-n28A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n18     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n1A-n18A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n18A-n41A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n41A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n18A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n18     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n1A-n18A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n18A-n77A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n77A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n18A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n18     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-     | CA\_n1A-n18A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n18A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n18A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n18     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n1A-n20A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n20A-n67A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n20     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n67     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n20A-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n20     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n28A-n38A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n28A-n40A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n28A-n40B |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n40B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n1A-n28A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n28A-n41A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n1A-n28A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n28A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-     | C            | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n28A-n77(2A) | A\_n1A-n28A\ |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n1A-n28A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n28A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^2^        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-     | CA\_n1A-n28A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n28A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n1A-n28A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n28A-n79A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n38A-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n1A-n40A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n40A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n1A-n40A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n1A-n40A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 70, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n40B-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n40B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n1A-n41A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 1A-n41A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-     | CA\_n1A-n41A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n41A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-     | CA\_n1A-n77A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n77A-n79A^4^ |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n77A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n77  | CA\_n1A-n77A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| (2A)-n79A^4^ |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n77A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-     | CA\_n1A-n78A | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n78A-n79A^5^ |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n78A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-     | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n78(2A)-n79A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n2A-n5A-n30A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n30A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n2A-n5A-n48A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n2A-n5A-n48B |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A      | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| -n5A-n48(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n5A-n48(A-B) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n48A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n4       |              |
|              |              |         | 8(A-B)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n4       |              |
|              |              |         | 8(A-B)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(      | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| 2A)-n5A-n30A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n30A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n2A-n5A-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(      | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| 2A)-n5A-n66A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2A)   | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| -n5A-n66(2A) |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A      | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| -n5A-n66(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A      | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| -n5A-n66(3A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | n77^7,\ 9^   | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n2A-n5A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n5A  |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n2A-n5A-n77C |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A      | n77^7^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| -n5A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n5A  |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(      | n77^7^       | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| 2A)-n5A-n77A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n5A  |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n12A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n12A-n30A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n12A-n30A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n12     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2     | CA\_n2A-n12A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n12A-n30A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n12A-n30A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n12     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n12A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n12A-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n12A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n12     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2     | CA\_n2A-n12A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n12A-n66A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n12A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n12     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | CA\_n2A-n12A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n12A-n66(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n12A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n12     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2A)-  | CA\_n2A-n12A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| n12A-n66(2A) |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n12A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n12     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | CA\_n2A-n12A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n12A-n66(3A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n12A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n12     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n77^7^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n12A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n12A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n12A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n12     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2     | n77^7^       | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n12A-n77A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n12A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n12A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n12     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | n77^7^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n12A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n12A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n12A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n12     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n14A-n30A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n30A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2     | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n14A-n30A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n30A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n14A-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2     | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n14A-n66A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2A)-  | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| n14A-n66(2A) |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n14A-n66(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | CA\_n2A-n14A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n14A-n66(3A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n77^7^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n14A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n14A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n14A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | n77^7^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n14A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n14A |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n14A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2     | n77^7^       | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n14A-n77A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n14A |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n14A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n30A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n29A-n30A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2     | CA\_n2A-n30A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n29A-n30A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n29A-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2     | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n29A-n66A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n29A-n66(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2A)-  | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| n29A-n66(2A) |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n77^7^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n29A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2     | n77^7^       | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n29A-n77A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | n77^7^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n29A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n30A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n30A-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2     | CA\_n2A-n30A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n30A-n66A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2A)-  | CA\_n2A-n30A | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| n30A-n66(2A) |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | CA\_n2A-n30A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n30A-n66(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | CA\_n2A-n30A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n30A-n66(3A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n77^7^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n30A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | n77^7^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n30A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2     | n77^7^       | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n30A-n77A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n48A-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-n    | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 48(A-B)-n66A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n4       |              |
|              |              |         | 8(A-B)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n4       |              |
|              |              |         | 8(A-B)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n48B-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n77^7,\ 9^   | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n48A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n48A-n77C |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n77C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n48B-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | CA\_n2A-n48A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n66A-n71A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n77^7,\ 9^   | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n66A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2(2     | n77^7^       | n2      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n66A-n77A |              |         | n2(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | n77^7^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n2A-n66A | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n66A-n77C |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | n77^7^       | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n2A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n66A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | \-           | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 2A-n71A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2A-     | \-           | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n71A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n3A-n5A-n7A |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n5A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n7A  |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n7A  |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n3A-n5A-n7B |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n5A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n7A  |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n7A  |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n3A-n5A-n28A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n3A-n5A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n3A-n5A-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| _n3A-n7A-n8A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 35, 40, 50   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 35, 40, 50   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 35       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n3A-n7A-n28A |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n7A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n28A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n28A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n3A-n7B-n28A |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n7**  | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n7A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n28A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n28A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n3A-n7A-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n7A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^4^, 80,   |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n3A-n7B-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | **n7**  | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n7A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^4^, 80,   |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A      | CA\_n3A-n7A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| -n7A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n3A-n8A-n28A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 35, 40, 50   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 35       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n3A-n8A-n41A |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n3A-n8A-n77A |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A      | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| -n8A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n3A-n8A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n3A-n8A-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n8A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n3A-n8A-n79A |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n18A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n18A-n28A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n28A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n18A-n28A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n18     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n41A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n18A-n41A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n18A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n18A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n18     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n18A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n18A-n77A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n18A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n18     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-     | CA\_n3A-n18A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n18A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n18A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n18     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n20A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n20A-n67A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n20     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n67     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n20A-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n20     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n28A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n28A-n41A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n41A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n28A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n28A-n41B |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n28A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n28A-n77A |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-     | CA\_n3A-n28A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n28A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n77(2A)  | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-     | CA\_n3A-n28A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n28A-n77(3A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n28A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n28A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^2^        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^2^        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-     | CA\_n3A-n28A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n28A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^2^        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n28A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n28A-n79A |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n38A-n40A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 70, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-     | CA\_n3A-n77A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n77A-n79A^4^ |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n77A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-n77  | CA\_n3A-n77A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| (2A)-n79A^4^ |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n77A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n40A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n40A-n41A |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n41A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n41A-n77A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n3A-n41A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n41B-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-     | CA\_n3A-n41A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n41A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-     | CA\_n3A-n41A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n41A-n77(3A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(3A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n41A-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n41A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n78A |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3A-     | CA\_n3A-n41A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n41A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n78A |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 3A-n41A-n79A |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n5A-n7A-n28A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\          | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n5A-n7A-n78A | _n5A-n78A^7^ |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n7A-n78A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n5A-n7A  | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^4^, 80,   |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\          | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n5A-n7B-n78A | _n5A-n78A^7^ |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n7A-n78A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n5A-n7A  | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^4^, 80,   |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n77^7^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n12A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n12A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n12A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n12     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | n77^7^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n12A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n12A |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n12A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n12     | 5, 10, 15    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n77^7^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n14A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n14A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n14A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | n77^7^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n14A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n14A |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n14A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n14     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n25A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n25A-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | CA\_n5A-n25A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | CA\_n5A-n25A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25A-n66(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n25  | CA\_n5A-n25A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| (2A)-n66(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n25A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n25A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | CA\_n5A-n25A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | CA\_n5A-n25A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n25  | CA\_n5A-n25A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| (2A)-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n25A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n25A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | CA\_n5A-n25A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | CA\_n5A-n25A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n25  | CA\_n5A-n25A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| (2A)-n78(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n77^7^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n29A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | n77^7^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n29A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n30A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n30A-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | CA\_n5A-n30A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n30A-n66(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | CA\_n5A-n30A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n30A-n66(3A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n77^7^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n30A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | n77^7^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n30A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n40A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n40A-n78A |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5^8^, 10,    |              |
|              |              |         | 15, 20, 25,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90,100       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90,100   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n48A-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n    | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 48(A-B)-n66A |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n4       |              |
|              |              |         | 8(A-B)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n4       |              |
|              |              |         | 8(A-B)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n48B-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n77^7,\ 9^   | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n48A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n48A-n77C |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n77C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n48B-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n48B-n77C |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 3            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | CA\_n5A-n48A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n77C |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 2            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 3            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | n77^7,\ 9^   | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n66A-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | n77^7^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n66  | CA\_n5A-n66A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| (2A)-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n66A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n66A-n77C |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25^1^    |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | n77^7^       | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\          |         |              |              |
|              | _n5A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n5A-n66A | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n66A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | C            | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n78A | A\_n5A-n66A\ |         | 20           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n5A-n78A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-     | C            | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n78(2A) | A\_n5A-n66A\ |         | 20           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n5A-n78A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n5A-n66  | C            | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| (2A)-n78(2A) | A\_n5A-n66A\ |         | 20           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n5A-n78A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | \-           | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n7A-n8A-n28A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n7A-n8A  | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n7A-n8A-n40A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n40A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n8A-n40A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n7A-n8A  | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n7A-n8A-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n8A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 7A-n25A-n66A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n66A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-     | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n66A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n66A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n25  | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| (2A)-n66(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n66A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-     | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25A-n66(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n66A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7(2     | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n25A-n66A |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7(2A)-  | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n66A |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7(2A)-  | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| n25A-n66(2A) |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n7(2A)-n25 |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
| (2A)-n66(2A) | CA\_n7A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 7A-n25A-n77A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              | A\_n7A\_n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-     | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n77A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              | A\_n7A\_n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-     | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25A-n77(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              | A\_n7A\_n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n25  | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| (2A)-n77(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              | A\_n7A\_n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7(2     | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n25A-n77A |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n7A\_n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7(2A)-  | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n77A |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n7A\_n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7(2A)-  | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| n25A-n77(2A) |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n7A\_n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n7(2A)-n25 |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
| (2A)-n77(2A) | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n7A\_n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 7A-n25A-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^4^, 80,   |              |
|              |              |         | 90^4^, 100   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7(2     | \-           | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n25A-n78A |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^4^, 80,   |              |
|              |              |         | 90^4^, 100   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-     | \-           | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^4^, 80,   |              |
|              |              |         | 90^4^, 100   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7(2A)-  | \-           | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| n25(2A)-n78A |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^4^, 80,   |              |
|              |              |         | 90^4^, 100   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-     | CA\_n7A-n25A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n25A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7(2A)-  | \-           | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| n25A-n78(2A) |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n25  | \-           | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| (2A)-n78(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | \-           | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n7(2A)-n25 |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
| (2A)-n78(2A) |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-     | CA\_n7A-n28A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n28A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\          | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 7A-n28A-n78A | _n7A-n78A^7^ |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_         | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              | n28A-n78A^7^ |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n7A-n28A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^4^, 80,   |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\          | n7      | C            | 0            |
| 7B-n28A-n78A | _n7A-n78A^7^ |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n28A-n78A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n7A-n28A | n7      | C            | 1            |
|              |              |         | A\_n7B\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^4^, 80,   |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n7A-n40A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 7A-n40A-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | C            | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 7A-n46A-n78A | A\_n7A-n46A\ |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              | A\_n7A-n78A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n46     | 20, 40, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | C            | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 7A-n46C-n78A | A\_n7A-n46A\ |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              | A\_n7A-n78A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n46     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | C            | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 7A-n46D-n78A | A\_n7A-n46A\ |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              | A\_n7A-n78A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n46     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n7A-n66A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 7A-n66A-n77A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n77A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-     | CA\_n7A-n66A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n77A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-     | C            | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) | A\_n7A-n66A\ |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              | A\_n7A-n77A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n66  | C            | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| (2A)-n77(2A) | A\_n7A-n66A\ |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              | A\_n7A-n77A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7(2     | C            | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n66A-n77A | A\_n7A-n66A\ |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n7A-n77A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7(2A)-  | C            | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77A | A\_n7A-n66A\ |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n7A-n77A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7(2A)-  | C            | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) | A\_n7A-n66A\ |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n7A-n77A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | C            | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n7(2A)-n66 | A\_n7A-n66A\ |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
| (2A)-n77(2A) | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n7A-n77A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n7A-n66A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 7A-n66A-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-     | CA\_n7A-n66A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7(2     | CA\_n7A-n66A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| A)-n66A-n78A |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-     | CA\_n7A-n66A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n78A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7(2A)-  | CA\_n7A-n66A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n78A |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7A-n66  | \-           | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| (2A)-n78(2A) |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n7(2A)-  | CA\_n7A-n66A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| n66A-n78(2A) |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | CA\_n7A-n66A | n7      | CA\_         | 0            |
| \_n7(2A)-n66 |              |         | n7(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
| (2A)-n78(2A) | CA\_n7A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n28A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n38A-n40A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 70, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n39A-n41A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n39A-n79A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n8A-n40A | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n40A-n41A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n8A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | CA\_n8A-n40A | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n40A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n8A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n41A-n79A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n        | \-           | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n78A-n79A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n8A-     | \-           | n8      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n78(2A)-n79A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | C            | n12     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| 2A-n30A-n66A | A\_n12A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n12A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n12A-    | C            | n12     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| n30A-n66(2A) | A\_n12A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n12A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n12A-    | C            | n12     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| n30A-n66(3A) | A\_n12A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n12A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | n77^7^       | n12     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 2A-n30A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA           |         |              |              |
|              | \_n12A-n30A, |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n12A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n12A-    | n77^7^       | n12     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n30A-n77(2A) |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n12A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n12A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | n77^7^       | n12     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| 2A-n66A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n12A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n12A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n12A-    | n77^7^       | n12     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n12A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n12A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n12A-    | n77^7^       | n12     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n12A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n12A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | C            | n13     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 3A-n25A-n66A | A\_n13A-n25A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n13A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | \-           | n13     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 3A-n25A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | n77^7,\ 9^   | n13     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 3A-n66A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | C            | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 4A-n30A-n66A | A\_n14A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n14A-    | C            | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n30A-n66(2A) | A\_n14A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n14A-    | C            | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n30A-n66(3A) | A\_n14A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | n77^7^       | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 4A-n30A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n14A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n14A-    | n77^7^       | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n30A-n77(2A) |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n30A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n14A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | n77^7^       | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 4A-n66A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n14A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n14A-    | n77^7^       | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n14A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n14A-    | n77^7^       | n14     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n14A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n14A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | C            | n18     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| 8A-n28A-n41A | A\_n18A-n28A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n18A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | C            | n18     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| 8A-n28A-n77A | A\_n18A-n28A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n18A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n18A-    | C            | n18     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| n28A-n77(2A) | A\_n18A-n28A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n18A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1       | C            | n18     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| 8A-n41A-n77A | A\_n18A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n18A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n18A-    | C            | n18     | 5, 10, 15    | 0            |
| n41A-n77(2A) | A\_n18A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n18A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | \-           | n20     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 0A-n28A-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 4A-n41A-n48A | A\_n24A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n24A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n24A-    | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n41(2A)-n48A | A\_n24A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n24A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n24A-    | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n41A-n48(2A) | A\_n24A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n24A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n24A-n41 | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| (2A)-n48(2A) | A\_n24A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n24A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n48A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 4A-n41A-n77A | A\_n24A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n24A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n24A-    | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n41(2A)-n77A | A\_n24A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n24A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n24     | 5, 10        | 1            |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n24A-    | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n41A-n77(2A) | A\_n24A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n24A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n24     | 5, 10        | 1            |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n24A-n41 | C            | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| (2A)-n77(2A) | A\_n24A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n24A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n24     | 5, 10        | 1            |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       |              | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 4A-n48A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n24A-    |              | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n77A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n24A-    |              | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n48A-n77(2A) |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n24A-n48 |              | n24     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| (2A)-n77(2A) |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n29A-n66A | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n29     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n38A-n66A | A\_n25A-n38A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n38A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25(2    | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n38A-n66A | A\_n25A-n38A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n38A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25(2A)- | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n38A-n66(2A) | A\_n25A-n38A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n38A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n38A-n66(2A) | A\_n25A-n38A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n38A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n38A-n78A | A\_n25A-n38A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n38A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n38A-n78(2A) | A\_n25A-n38A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n38A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25(2    | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n38A-n78A | A\_n25A-n38A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n38A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25(2A)- | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n38A-n78(2A) | A\_n25A-n38A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n38A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | \-           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n41A-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | \-           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n41A-n66(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | \-           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n41C-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n41C\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | \-           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n41(2A)-n66A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25(2    | \-           | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n41A-n66A |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | n25(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | \-           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n41A-n71A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | \-           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n41A-n71B |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 20, 30, 40   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n71B\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | \-           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n41A-n71(2A) |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 20, 30, 40   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n71(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | \-           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n41(2A)-n71A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | \-           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n41C-n71A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | CA           |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | \_n25A-n71AC |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n41C\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25(2    | \-           | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n41A-n71A |              |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | n25(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n41A-n77A | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n41(2A)-n77A | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n41A-n77(2A) | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-n41 | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
| (2A)-n77(2A) | A\_n25A-n41A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25(2    | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n41A-n77A | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | n25(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n41C-n77A | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n41C     | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n41A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n41C\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
| n41C-n77(2A) | A\_n25A-n41A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n41C\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n41A-n78A | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n41A-n78(2A) | A\_n25A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n48A-n66A | A\_n25A-n48A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40, 50   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n66A | A\_n25A-n48A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n48C-n66A | A\_n25A-n48A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | \-           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n66A-n71A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n66A-n71B | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n71B\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n71(2A) | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n71(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n71A | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25(2    | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n66A-n71A | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         | n25(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n66A-n77A | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77A | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-n66 | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| (2A)-n77(2A) | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25(2    | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n66A-n77A | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n66A |         | n25(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25(2A)- | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77A | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25(2A)- | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| _n25(2A)-n66 | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
| (2A)-n77(2A) |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n66A-n78A | A\_n25A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25(2    | CA           | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n66A-n78A | \_n25A-n66A\ |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA           |         |              |              |
|              | \_n25A-n78A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | CA           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n78A | \_n25A-n66A\ |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA           |         | 40           |              |
|              | \_n25A-n78A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | CA           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n78(2A) | \_n25A-n66A\ |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA           |         | 40           |              |
|              | \_n25A-n78A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25(2A)- | CA           | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n78A | \_n25A-n66A\ |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA           |         |              |              |
|              | \_n25A-n78A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25(2A)- | CA           | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n66A-n78(2A) | \_n25A-n66A\ |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              | CA           |         |              |              |
|              | \_n25A-n78A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-n66 | CA           | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| (2A)-n78(2A) | \_n25A-n66A\ |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA           |         | 40           |              |
|              | \_n25A-n78A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\          | CA           | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| _n25(2A)-n66 | \_n25A-n66A\ |         | 25(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
| (2A)-n78(2A) | CA           |         |              |              |
|              | \_n25A-n78A\ |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n71A-n77A | A\_n25A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n71B-n77A | A\_n25A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n71B\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n71(2A)-n77A | A\_n25A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | n25 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n71(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25(2    | C            | n25     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n71A-n77A | A\_n25A-n71A |         | 25(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n25     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n25A-n71A |         | n25(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 5A-n71A-n78A | A\_n25A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n25A-    | C            | n25     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n71A-n78(2A) | A\_n25A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n25A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n26     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 6A-n66A-n70A | A\_n26A-n66A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n26A-n70A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n26A-    | C            | n26     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n70A | A\_n26A-n66A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n26A-n70A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | \-           | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n38A-n78A |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | \-           | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n39A-n40A |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n39A-n41A | A\_n28A-n39A |         | 20, 30       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n39A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n39A-n41C | A\_n28A-n39A |         | 20, 30       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n39A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | \-           | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n39A-n79A |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n40A-n41A | A\_n28A-n40A |         | 20, 30       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n40A-n78A | A\_n28A-n40A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              | A\_n28A-n40A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | \-           | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n40B-n78A |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n40B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n40A-n79A | A\_n28A-n40A |         | 20, 30       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n41A-n77A | A\_n28A-n41A |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 8A-n41B-n77A | A\_n28A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n28A-    | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n41A-n77(2A) | A\_n28A-n41A |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         | 77(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n28A-    | C            | n28     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n41A-n77(3A) | A\_n28A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(3A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n41A-n78A | A\_n28A-n41A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n28A-    | CA\_n78(2A)  | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n41A-n78(2A) |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n41A-n79A | A\_n28A-n41A |         | 20, 30       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n41C-n79A | A\_n28A-n41A |         | 20, 30       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n46A-n78A | A\_n28A-n46A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n46     | 20, 40, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n46C-n78A | A\_n28A-n46A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n46     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n46D-n78A | A\_n28A-n46A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n46     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n28A-    | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n77A-n79A^4^ | A\_n28A-n77A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n77A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n28A-n77 | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| (2A)-n79A^4^ | A\_n28A-n77A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n77A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n78A-n79A | A\_n28A-n78A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n78A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | C            | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 9A-n30A-n66A | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n29A-    | C            | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n30A-n66(2A) | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | n77^7^       | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 9A-n30A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n29A-    | n77^7^       | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n30A-n77(2A) |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n30     | 5, 10        |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 9A-n66A-n70A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 9A-n66B-n70A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n66B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n29A-    | \-           | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n70A |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n2       | n77^7^       | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 9A-n66A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n29A-    | n77^7^       | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n29A-    | n77^7^       | n29     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3       | n77^7^       | n30     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| 0A-n66A-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n30A-    | n77^7^       | n30     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77A |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n30A-    | n77^7^       | n30     | 5, 10        | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n30A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n30A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_         |         |              |              |
|              | n66A-n77A^7^ |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3       | C            | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n66A-n78A | A\_n38A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n38A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n38A-    | C            | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n78(2A) | A\_n38A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n38A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n38A-    | C            | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n78A | A\_n38A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n38A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n38A-n66 | C            | n38     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| (2A)-n78(2A) | A\_n38A-n66A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n38A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3       | C            | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 9A-n40A-n41A | A\_n39A-n40A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n39A-n41A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n41A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3       | C            | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 9A-n40A-n79A | A\_n39A-n40A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n39A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n3       | \-           | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 9A-n41A-n79A |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n39     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 0A-n41A-n79A | A\_n40A-n41A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 80           |              |
|              | A\_n40A-n79A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n79A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | , 40, 50,    |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n40     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50, 60   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n79     | , 40, 50,    |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| 1A-n66A-n70A | A\_n41A-n66A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n70A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| 1A-n66A-n71A |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              |              |         | 100          |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 1            |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| 1A-n66A-n71B | A\_n41A-n66A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n71B\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41A-    | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n66A-n71(2A) | A\_n41A-n66A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n71(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41A-    | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n71A | A\_n41A-n66A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41(2    | \-           | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n66A-n71A |              |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| 1C-n66A-n71A |              |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | CA           | 1            |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         | \_n41C\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | C            | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         | A\_n41C\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| 1A-n66A-n77A | A\_n41A-n66A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 100          |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 1            |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41A-    | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n66A-n77(2A) | A\_n41A-n77A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 100          |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41A-    | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n77A | A\_n41A-n66A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41A-n66 | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| (2A)-n77(2A) | A\_n41A-n66A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41(2    | C            | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n66A-n77A | A\_n41A-n66A |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n41     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
| 1C-n66A-n77A | A\_n41A-n66A |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | CA           | 0            |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41C-    | C            | n41     | C            | 4 and 5      |
| n66A-n77(2A) | A\_n41A-n66A |         | A\_n41C\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41C-    | CA\_n41C     | n41     | C            | 4 and 5      |
| n66A-n77(2A) |              |         | A\_n41C\_BCS |              |
|              | C            |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| 1A-n66A-n78A | A\_n41A-n66A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41A-    | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n66A-n78(2A) | A\_n41A-n66A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41A-    | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n78A | A\_n41A-n66A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41A-n66 | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| (2A)-n78(2A) | A\_n41A-n66A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| 1A-n70A-n78A | A\_n41A-n70A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| 1A-n71A-n77A | A\_n41A-n71A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 80, 90,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 100          |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 1            |
|              |              |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              |              |         | 90, 100      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| 1A-n71B-n77A | A\_n41A-n71A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n71B\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41A-    | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n71(2A)-n77A | A\_n41A-n71A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n71(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41A-    | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n71A-n77(2A) | A\_n41A-n71A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | n41 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41(2    | C            | n41     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n71A-n77A | A\_n41A-n71A |         | 41(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41(2A)- |              | n41     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
| n71A-n77(2A) |              |         | n41(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n41     | CA           | 0            |
| 1C-n71A-n77A | A\_n41A-n71A |         | \_n41C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n41     | C            | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n41A-n71A |         | A\_n41C\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41C-    | C            | n41     | C            | 4 and 5      |
| n71A-n77(2A) | A\_n41A-n71A |         | A\_n41C\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n41C     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| 1A-n71A-n78A | A\_n41A-n71A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n41A-    | C            | n41     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| n71A-n78(2A) | A\_n41A-n71A |         | 30, 40, 50,  |              |
|              |              |         | 60, 70, 80,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 90, 100      |              |
|              | A\_n41A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | 10,          | 0            |
| 6A-n48A-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 20           |              |
|              |              |         | , 40, 60, 80 |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6B-n48A-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6C-n48A-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6D-n48A-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6M-n48A-n96A |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20, 40, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6N-n48A-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     |  10, 20, 40, | 0            |
| 6A-n48B-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 60, 80       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6B-n48B-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6C-n48B-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6D-n48B-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6M-n48B-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20, 40, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6N-n48B-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| 6A-n48C-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6B-n48C-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6C-n48C-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6D-n48C-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6M-n48C-n96A |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6N-n48C-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| 6A-n48A-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6B-n48A-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6C-n48A-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6D-n48A-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6M-n48A-n96B |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6N-n48A-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | 10, 20, 40,  | 0            |
| 6A-n48A-n96C |              |         | 60, 80       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6B-n48A-n96C |              |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6C-n48A-n96C |              |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6D-n48A-n96C |              |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6M-n48A-n96C |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6N-n48A-n96C |              |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| 6A-n48B-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6B-n48B-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6C-n48B-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6D-n48B-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6M-n48B-n96C |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6N-n48B-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | 10, 20, 40,  | 0            |
| 6A-n48C-n96C |              |         | 60, 80       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6B-n48C-n96C |              |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6C-n48C-n96C |              |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6D-n48C-n96C |              |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6M-n48C-n96C |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6N-n48C-n96C |              |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | 10, 20, 40,  | 0            |
| 6A-n48A-n96D |              |         | 60, 80       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6B-n48A-n96D |              |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6C-n48A-n96D |              |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6D-n48A-n96D |              |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6M-n48A-n96D |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6N-n48A-n96D |              |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| 6A-n48C-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6B-n48C-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6C-n48C-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6D-n48C-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6M-n48C-n96D |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6N-n48C-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | 10, 20, 40,  | 0            |
| 6A-n48A-n96E |              |         | 60, 80       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6B-n48A-n96E |              |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6C-n48A-n96E |              |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6D-n48A-n96E |              |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6M-n48A-n96E |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6N-n48A-n96E |              |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| 6A-n48C-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6B-n48C-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6C-n48C-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6D-n48C-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6M-n48C-n96E |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| 6N-n48C-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n46A-n48B |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48B-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n48C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46A-    | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46B-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46C-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46D-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46M-    | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96A |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20, 40, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46N-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46A-    | C            | n46     | 20,          | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46B-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46C-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46D-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46M-    | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96B |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46N-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46A-    | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46B-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46C-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46D-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46M-    | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96C |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46N-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46A-    | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46B-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46C-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46D-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46M-    | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96D |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46N-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46A-    | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46B-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46C-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46D-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46M-    | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96E |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46N-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(2A)-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46A-    | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46B-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46C-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46D-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46M-    | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96A |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20, 40, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46N-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46A-    | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46B-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46C-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46D-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46M-    | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96B |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46N-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46A-    | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46B-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46C-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46D-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46M-    | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96C |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46N-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46A-    | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46B-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46C-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46D-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46M-    | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96D |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46N-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46A-    | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46B-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46C-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46D-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46M-    | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96E |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46N-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(3A)-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(3A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46A-    | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46B-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46C-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46D-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46M-    | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96A |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20, 40, 60,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46N-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96A | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | 20,          |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46A-    | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46B-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46C-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46D-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46M-    | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96B |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46N-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96B | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96B\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46A-    | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46B-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46C-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46D-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46M-    | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96C |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46N-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96C | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46A-    | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46B-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46C-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46D-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46M-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46N-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96D | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96D\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46A-    | C            | n46     | 10, 20,      | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | 40, 60, 80   |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46B-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46C-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46C\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46D-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46D\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46M-    | \-           | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96E |              |         | \_n46M\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n46N-    | C            | n46     | CA           | 0            |
| n48(4A)-n96E | A\_n46A-n48A |         | \_n46N\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n96A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 48(4A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n96     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n96E\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n66A-n70A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n70A |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48A-    | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n70A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n70A |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48(2    | C            | n48     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n66A-n70A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n70A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n48     | CA           | 0            |
| 8B-n66A-n70A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n70A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n66A-n71A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n71A |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48A-    | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66(2A)-n71A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n71A |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48(2    | C            | n48     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n66A-n71A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n48     | CA           | 0            |
| 8B-n66A-n71A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48A-    | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n66A-n71(2A) | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n71A |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | n77^7,\ 9^   | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n66A-n77A |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n66A-n77C | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              | CA\_n77C     |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n48     | CA           | 0            |
| 8B-n66A-n77A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | \_n48B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           | 1            |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA           | 2            |
|              |              |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48(2    | C            | n48     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n66A-n77A | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48(2    | C            | n48     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n66A-n77C | A\_n48A-n66A |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        | 1            |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        | 2            |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | CA\_n        | 3            |
|              |              |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n77C\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 8A-n70A-n71A | A\_n48A-n70A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n71A |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n71A |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48(2    | C            | n48     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n70A-n71A | A\_n48A-n70A |         | 48(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n4       | C            | n48     | CA           | 0            |
| 8B-n70A-n71A | A\_n48A-n70A |         | \_n48B\_BCS2 |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n71A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n48A-    | C            | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n70A-n71(2A) | A\_n48A-n70A |         | 20, 30, 40,  |              |
|              | C            |         | 50^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n71A |         | 60^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 70^10^,      |              |
|              | C            |         | 80^10^,      |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n71A |         | 90^10^,      |              |
|              |              |         | 100^10^      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n6       | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 6A-n70A-n71A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 40       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n6       | CA           | n66     | 10, 15, 20,  | 0            |
| 6A-n70A-n78A | \_n66A-n78A\ |         | 25, 30, 40   |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66A-    | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n70A-n71(2A) | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n6       | C            | n66     | CA           | 0            |
| 6B-n70A-n71A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | \_n66B\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66(2    | C            | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n70A-n71A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 66(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n70A-n71A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n70     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20^1^, 25^1^ |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n6       | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 6A-n71A-n77A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n66     | n66 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n6       | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 6A-n71B-n77A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA           |              |
|              |              |         | \_n71B\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n66     | n66 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | C            |              |
|              |              |         | A\_n71B\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66A-    | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n71(2A)-n77A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 71(2A)\_BCS0 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | n66 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n71(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66(2    | C            | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n71A-n77A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n66     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | n77 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66A-    | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n71A-n77(2A) | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n66     | n66 channel  | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              | C            |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66(2A)- | C            | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n71A-n77(2A) | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 77(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n66     | CA\_         | 4 and 5      |
|              | A\_n66A-n71A |         | n66(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | n71 channel  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidths   |              |
|              |              |         | in Table     |              |
|              |              |         | 5.3.5-1      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | CA\_         |              |
|              |              |         | n77(2A)\_BCS |              |
|              |              |         | 4 and 5      |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n6       | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| 6A-n71A-n78A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66A-    | C            | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n71A-n78(2A) | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66(2    | C            | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| A)-n71A-n78A | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n66(2A)- | C            | n66     | CA\_n        | 0            |
| n71A-n78(2A) | A\_n66A-n71A |         | 66(2A)\_BCS1 |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n71A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n71     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | CA\_n        |              |
|              |              |         | 78(2A)\_BCS2 |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1: This |              |         |              |              |
| UE channel   |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth is |              |         |              |              |
| applicable   |              |         |              |              |
| only to      |              |         |              |              |
| downlink     |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 2: For  |              |         |              |              |
| the 20 MHz   |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth,   |              |         |              |              |
| the minimum  |              |         |              |              |
| requirements |              |         |              |              |
| are          |              |         |              |              |
| specified    |              |         |              |              |
| for NR UL    |              |         |              |              |
| carrier      |              |         |              |              |
| frequencies  |              |         |              |              |
| confined to  |              |         |              |              |
| either       |              |         |              |              |
| 713-723 MHz  |              |         |              |              |
| or           |              |         |              |              |
| 728-738 MHz. |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 3: For  |              |         |              |              |
| each channel |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth of |              |         |              |              |
| each         |              |         |              |              |
| component    |              |         |              |              |
| carrier,     |              |         |              |              |
| refer to     |              |         |              |              |
| Table        |              |         |              |              |
| 5.3.5-1 for  |              |         |              |              |
| the          |              |         |              |              |
| applicable   |              |         |              |              |
| SCSs. For a  |              |         |              |              |
| given band,  |              |         |              |              |
| not all UE   |              |         |              |              |
| channel      |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidths   |              |         |              |              |
| support the  |              |         |              |              |
| same SCSs..  |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 4: The  |              |         |              |              |
| minimum      |              |         |              |              |
| requirements |              |         |              |              |
| only apply   |              |         |              |              |
| for          |              |         |              |              |
| non-         |              |         |              |              |
| simultaneous |              |         |              |              |
| Tx/Rx        |              |         |              |              |
| between all  |              |         |              |              |
| carriers for |              |         |              |              |
| TDD          |              |         |              |              |
| c            |              |         |              |              |
| ombinations. |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 5:      |              |         |              |              |
| Simultaneous |              |         |              |              |
| Rx/Tx        |              |         |              |              |
| capability   |              |         |              |              |
| for TDD      |              |         |              |              |
| combinations |              |         |              |              |
| does not     |              |         |              |              |
| apply for    |              |         |              |              |
| UEs          |              |         |              |              |
| supporting   |              |         |              |              |
| band n78     |              |         |              |              |
| with an n77  |              |         |              |              |
| imp          |              |         |              |              |
| lementation. |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 6: Only |              |         |              |              |
| single       |              |         |              |              |
| uplink       |              |         |              |              |
| carriers     |              |         |              |              |
| with power   |              |         |              |              |
| class other  |              |         |              |              |
| than PC3 are |              |         |              |              |
| listed.      |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 7:      |              |         |              |              |
| Minimum      |              |         |              |              |
| requirements |              |         |              |              |
| for Power    |              |         |              |              |
| Class 2 are  |              |         |              |              |
| applicable   |              |         |              |              |
| for this     |              |         |              |              |
| uplink       |              |         |              |              |
| combination  |              |         |              |              |
| or single    |              |         |              |              |
| uplink       |              |         |              |              |
| carrier in   |              |         |              |              |
| this         |              |         |              |              |
| dow          |              |         |              |              |
| nlink/uplink |              |         |              |              |
| combination  |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 8: For  |              |         |              |              |
| this         |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth,   |              |         |              |              |
| the minimum  |              |         |              |              |
| requirements |              |         |              |              |
| are          |              |         |              |              |
| restricted   |              |         |              |              |
| to operation |              |         |              |              |
| when carrier |              |         |              |              |
| is           |              |         |              |              |
| configured   |              |         |              |              |
| as an SCell  |              |         |              |              |
| part of DC   |              |         |              |              |
| or CA        |              |         |              |              |
| co           |              |         |              |              |
| nfiguration. |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 9:      |              |         |              |              |
| Minimum      |              |         |              |              |
| requirements |              |         |              |              |
| for Power    |              |         |              |              |
| Class 1.5    |              |         |              |              |
| are          |              |         |              |              |
| applicable   |              |         |              |              |
| for single   |              |         |              |              |
| uplink       |              |         |              |              |
| carrier in   |              |         |              |              |
| this         |              |         |              |              |
| dow          |              |         |              |              |
| nlink/uplink |              |         |              |              |
| combination  |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 10: For |              |         |              |              |
| this         |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth,   |              |         |              |              |
| the minimum  |              |         |              |              |
| requirements |              |         |              |              |
| are          |              |         |              |              |
| restricted   |              |         |              |              |
| to operation |              |         |              |              |
| when carrier |              |         |              |              |
| is           |              |         |              |              |
| configured   |              |         |              |              |
| as a         |              |         |              |              |
| downlink     |              |         |              |              |
| SCell part   |              |         |              |              |
| of CA        |              |         |              |              |
| c            |              |         |              |              |
| onfiguration |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

#### 5.5A.3.3 Configurations for inter-band CA (**four bands)**

**Table 5.5A.3.3-1: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations sets
defined for inter-band CA (four bands)**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| **NR CA     | **Uplink CA | **NR Band** | **Channel   | **Bandwidth |
| conf        | conf        |             | bandwidth   | combination |
| iguration** | iguration** |             | (MHz) (NOTE | set**       |
|             |             |             | 3)**        |             |
|             | **or single |             |             |             |
|             | uplink      |             |             |             |
|             | carrier     |             |             |             |
|             | ^4^**       |             |             |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| CA\_n1A-    | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| n3A-n5A-n7A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | CA\_n1A-n5A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n1A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n3A-n5A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n3A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n5A-n7A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-    | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| n3A-n5A-n7B |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | CA\_n1A-n5A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n1A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n3A-n5A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n3A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n5A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n7B     |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | CA          |             |
|             |             |             | \_n7B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n   | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 3A-n5A-n78A |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | CA\_n1A-n5A |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n3A-n5A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n   | \-          | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 3A-n7A-n28A |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | CA\_n1A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n3A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n28A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20^2^       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n   | \-          | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 3A-n7B-n28A |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | CA          |             |
|             |             |             | \_n7B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | CA\_n1A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n3A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n28A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n7B     | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | CA          |             |
|             |             |             | \_n7B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n   |             | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 3A-n7A-n78A |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | CA\_n1A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n3A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 2           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A\_n1A-n3A- |             |             | 20          |             |
| n7A-n78(2A) | CA\_n1A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n3A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n   | \-          | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 3A-n7B-n78A |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | CA          |             |
|             |             |             | \_n7B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | CA\_n1A-n7A |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n3A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n7B     |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | CA          |             |
|             |             |             | \_n7B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n   | \-          | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 3A-n8A-n77A |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n8          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | \-          | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A\_n1A-n3A- |             |             | 20          |             |
| n8A-n77(2A) |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n8          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n   | \-          | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 3A-n8A-n78A |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n8          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90^1^,  |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n3  | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n18A-n28A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n18A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n18A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n28A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n18         | 5, 10, 15   |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n3  | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n18A-n41A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n18A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n18A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n18A-n41A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n18         | 5, 10, 15   |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 80, 90, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n3  | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n18A-n77A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n18A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n18A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n18A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n18         | 5, 10, 15   |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n3  | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n28A-n41A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n41A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 80, 90, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n3  | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n28A-n77A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n3  | \-          | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n28A-n78A |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20^2^       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90^1^,  |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20^2^       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 2           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20^2^,30^2^ |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n1A-n3A-n |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 28A-n78(2A) | C           |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20^2^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 30^2^       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n3  | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n28A-n79A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n79A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n79A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n79A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25,30   |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n79         | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n3  | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n41A-n77A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 80, 90, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n3  | CA\_n1A-n3A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n77A-n79A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n79A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n79A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n77A-n79A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25,30   |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n79         | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n   | CA\_n1A-n5A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 5A-n7A-n78A |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | CA\_n1A-n7A |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n5A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n   | CA\_n1A-n5A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 5A-n7B-n78A |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | CA\_n1A-n7A |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n5A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n7B     |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | CA          |             |
|             |             |             | \_n7B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n   | CA\_n1A-n7A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 7A-n8A-n40A |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | CA\_n1A-n8A |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n40A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n7A-n8A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n40A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n8A-n40A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n8          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n40         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n   | CA\_n1A-n7A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 7A-n8A-n78A |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | CA\_n1A-n8A |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n7A-n8A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n8A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n8          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n7  | CA\_n1A-n7A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n28A-n78A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n7  | CA\_n1A-n7A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| B-n28A-n78A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n7B     |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | CA          |             |
|             |             |             | \_n7B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA\_n1A-n7A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n1A-n7A-n |             |             | 20          |             |
| 28A-n78(2A) | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20^2^       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n7  | CA\_n1A-n7A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n40A-n78A |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | C           |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n40A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n40A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n40A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n40         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n8  | CA\_n1A-n8A | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n40A-n78A |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | C           |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n40A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n8A-n40A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n8A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n40A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n8          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n40         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n8  | \-          | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n78A-n79A |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n8          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n79         | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n1A-n8A-n |             |             | 20          |             |
| 78(2A)-n79A |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n8          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n79         | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n18 | C           | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n28A-n41A | A\_n1A-n18A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n18A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n18A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n41A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n18         | 5, 10, 15   |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 80, 90, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n18 | C           | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n28A-n77A | A\_n1A-n18A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n18A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n18A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n18         | 5, 10, 15   |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n18 | C           | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n41A-n77A | A\_n1A-n18A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n18A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n18A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n18         | 5, 10, 15   |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 80, 90, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n28 | C           | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n40A-n78A | A\_n1A-n28A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n40A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n40A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n40A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n40         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n28 | C           | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n40B-n78A | A\_n1A-n28A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n40A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n40A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n40A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n40         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n40B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n28 | C           | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n41A-n77A | A\_n1A-n28A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 80, 90, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n1A-n28 | C           | n1          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n77A-n79A | A\_n1A-n28A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n1A-n79A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n79A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n77A-n79A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n79         | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n5  | CA\_n2A-n5A | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n30A-n66A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA\_n2A-n5A | n2          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| \_n2(2A)-n5 |             |             | 2(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| A-n30A-n66A | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA\_n2A-n5A | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n2A-n5A-n |             |             | 20          |             |
| 30A-n66(2A) | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n5  | n77^5^      | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n30A-n77A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | CA\_n2A-n5A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_        |             |             |             |
|             | n2A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_        |             |             |             |
|             | n5A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 30A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | n77^5^      | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n2A-n5A-n |             |             | 20          |             |
| 30A-n77(2A) | CA\_n2A-n5A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_        |             |             |             |
|             | n2A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_        |             |             |             |
|             | n5A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 30A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n5  | \-          | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n48A-n66A |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n2A-n5A | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | C           |             | 40          |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n48A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n48A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n48A-n66A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n5  | \-          | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n48B-n66A |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n2A-n5A | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | C           |             | 40          |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n48A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n48A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n48A-n66A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 2           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 3           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n2A-n5A-n |             |             | 20          |             |
| 48(2A)-n66A |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n2A-n5A | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | C           |             | 40          |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n48A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n48A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n48A-n66A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 2           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | \-          | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n2A-n5A-n4 |             |             | 20          |             |
| 8(A-B)-n66A |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n48     |             |
|             |             |             | (A-B)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n5  | \-          | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n48A-n77A |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n2A-n5A | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | C           |             | 40          |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n48A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n48A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n5  | CA\_n2A-n5A | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n48A-n77C |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | C           |             | 40          |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n48A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n48A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n5  | \-          | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n48B-n77A |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n2A-n5A | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | C           |             | 40          |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n48A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n48A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 2           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 3           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | \-          | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n2A-n5A-n |             |             | 20          |             |
| 48(2A)-n77A |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n2A-n5A | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | C           |             | 40          |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n48A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n48A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 2           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n5  | n77^5^      | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n66A-n77A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | CA\_n2A-n5A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_        |             |             |             |
|             | n2A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_        |             |             |             |
|             | n5A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 66A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | n77^5^      | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n2A-n5A-n |             |             | 20          |             |
| 66A-n77(2A) | CA\_n2A-n5A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_        |             |             |             |
|             | n2A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_        |             |             |             |
|             | n5A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 66A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n5  | CA\_n2A-n5A | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n66A-n77C |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n12 | C           | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n30A-n66A | A\_n2A-n12A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n12A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n12A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n12         | 5, 10, 15   |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n2          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| _n2(2A)-n12 | A\_n2A-n12A |             | 2(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| A-n30A-n66A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n12A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n12A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n12         | 5, 10, 15   |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n2A-n12A-n | A\_n2A-n12A |             | 20          |             |
| 30A-n66(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n12A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n12A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n12         | 5, 10, 15   |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n12 | C           | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n30A-n77A | A\_n2A-n12A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n12A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n12A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n12         | 5, 10, 15   |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n12 | C           | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n66A-n77A | A\_n2A-n12A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n12A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n12A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n12         | 5, 10, 15   |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             |             |             | 90, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n14 | C           | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n30A-n66A | A\_n2A-n14A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n14A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n14A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n14         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n2          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| _n2(2A)-n14 | A\_n2A-n14A |             | 2(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| A-n30A-n66A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n14A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n14A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n14         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n2A-n14A-n | A\_n2A-n14A |             | 20          |             |
| 30A-n66(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n14A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n14A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n14         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n14 | n77^5^      | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n30A-n77A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n14A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_        |             |             |             |
|             | n2A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n14A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 14A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 30A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n14         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | n77^5^      | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n2A-n14A-n |             |             | 20          |             |
| 30A-n77(2A) | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n14A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_        |             |             |             |
|             | n2A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n14A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 14A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 30A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n14         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n14 | n77^5^      | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n66A-n77A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n14A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_        |             |             |             |
|             | n2A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n14A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 14A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 66A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n14         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | n77^5^      | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n2A-n14A-n |             |             | 20          |             |
| 66A-n77(2A) | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n14A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_        |             |             |             |
|             | n2A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n14A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 14A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 66A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n14         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n29 | C           | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n30A-n66A | A\_n2A-n30A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n29         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n2          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| _n2(2A)-n29 | A\_n2A-n30A |             | 2(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| A-n30A-n66A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n29         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n2A-n29A-n | A\_n2A-n30A |             | 20          |             |
| 30A-n66(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n29         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n29 | C           | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n30A-n77A | A\_n2A-n30A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n29         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             |             |             | 90, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n29 | C           | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n66A-n77A | A\_n2A-n66A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n29         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             |             |             | 90, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n48 | \-          | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n66A-n77A |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | C           | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             | A\_n2A-n48A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n48A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n48 | \-          | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| B-n66A-n77A |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | C           | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             | A\_n2A-n48A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n48A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 2           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 3           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | \-          | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n2A-n48(2A |             |             | 20          |             |
| )-n66A-n77A |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | C           | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             | A\_n2A-n48A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n48A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 2           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n48 | \-          | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n66A-n77C |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | C           | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             | A\_n2A-n48A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n2A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n48A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 2           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n2A-n66 | \-          | n2          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n71A-n78A |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3A-n   | \-          | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 5A-n7A-n78A |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n3A-n5A | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | CA\_n3A-n7A |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n5A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3A-n   | \-          | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 5A-n7B-n78A |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | CA          |             |
|             |             |             | \_n7B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n3A-n5A | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | CA\_n3A-n7A |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n5A-n7A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n7B     |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | CA          |             |
|             |             |             | \_n7B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3A-n7  | \-          | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n28A-n78A |             |             | 20, 25, 30  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n3A-n7A | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             | C           |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n28A |             | 40          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20^2^       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA          | CA\_n3A-n7A | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| \_n3A-n7A-n |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 28A-n78(2A) | C           |             | 40          |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20^2^       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3A-n7  | \-          | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| B-n28A-n78A |             |             | 20, 25, 30  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | CA          |             |
|             |             |             | \_n7B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA\_n3A-n7A | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | C           |             | 40          |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n7B     |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n7          | CA          |             |
|             |             |             | \_n7B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3A-n18 | C           | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n28A-n41A | A\_n3A-n18A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n18A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n18A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n41A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n18         | 5, 10, 15   |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 80, 90, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3A-n18 | C           | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n28A-n77A | A\_n3A-n18A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n18A-n28A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n18A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n18         | 5, 10, 15   |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3A-n18 | C           | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n41A-n77A | A\_n3A-n18A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n18A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n18A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n18         | 5, 10, 15   |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 80, 90, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3A-n28 | C           | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n41A-n77A | A\_n3A-n28A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 30      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 80, 90, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n3A-n28A-n | A\_n3A-n28A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 41A-n77(2A) |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 80, 90, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | C           | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             | A\_n3A-n28A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 80, 90, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3A-n28 | C           | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n41A-n78A | A\_n3A-n28A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 80, 90, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n3A-n28A-n | A\_n3A-n28A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 41A-n78(2A) |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | **CA\_      |             |             |             |
|             | n41A-n78A** |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 80, 90, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n3A-n28 | C           | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n77A-n79A | A\_n3A-n28A |             | 20, 25, 30  |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n79A |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n79A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n77A-n79A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n79         | 40, 50, 80, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n3          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n3A-n28A-n | A\_n3A-n28A |             | 20, 25, 30  |             |
| 77(2A)-n79A | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n3A-n79A |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n79A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n77A-n79A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n79         | 40, 50, 80, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5A-n25 | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n66A-n77A | A\_n5A-n25A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n5A-n25(2A | A\_n5A-n25A |             | 20          |             |
| )-n66A-n77A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n5A-n25A-n | A\_n5A-n25A |             | 20          |             |
| 66(2A)-n77A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n5A-n25A-n | A\_n5A-n25A |             | 20          |             |
| 66A-n77(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5      | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n25(2A)-n | A\_n5A-n25A |             | 20          |             |
| 66(2A)-n77A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5      | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n25(2A)-n | A\_n5A-n25A |             | 20          |             |
| 66A-n77(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5      | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n25A-n66( | A\_n5A-n25A |             | 20          |             |
| 2A)-n77(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5A-n   | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 25(2A)-n66( | A\_n5A-n25A |             | 20          |             |
| 2A)-n77(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5A-n25 | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n66A-n78A | A\_n5A-n25A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n5A-n25(2A | A\_n5A-n25A |             | 20          |             |
| )-n66A-n78A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n5A-n25A-n | A\_n5A-n25A |             | 20          |             |
| 66(2A)-n78A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n5A-n25A-n | A\_n5A-n25A |             | 20          |             |
| 66A-n78(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5      | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n25(2A)-n | A\_n5A-n25A |             | 20          |             |
| 66(2A)-n78A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5      | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n25(2A)-n | A\_n5A-n25A |             | 20          |             |
| 66A-n78(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5      | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n25A-n66( | A\_n5A-n25A |             | 20          |             |
| 2A)-n78(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5A-n   | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 25(2A)-n66( | A\_n5A-n25A |             | 20          |             |
| 2A)-n78(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5A-n30 | n77^5^      | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n66A-n77A |             |             | 20          |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_        |             |             |             |
|             | n5A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 30A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 66A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | n77^5^      | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n5A-n30A-n |             |             | 20          |             |
| 66A-n77(2A) | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_        |             |             |             |
|             | n5A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 30A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 66A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5A-n48 | \-          | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n66A-n77A |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             | A\_n5A-n48A |             | 20, 25      |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n48A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5A-n48 | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n66A-n77C | A\_n5A-n48A |             | 20          |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n48A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 60^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 70^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 80^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 90^6^,      |             |
|             |             |             | 100^6^      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n77C\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n5A-n48 | \-          | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| B-n66A-n77A |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             | A\_n5A-n48A |             | 20, 25      |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n48A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 2           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 3           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n48B\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | \-          | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n5A-n48(2A |             |             | 20          |             |
| )-n66A-n77A |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | C           | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             | A\_n5A-n48A |             | 20, 25      |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n5A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n48A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n5          | 5, 10, 15,  | 2           |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n48         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7A-n8  | CA\_n7A-n8A | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n40A-n78A |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             | C           |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n40A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n8A-n40A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n8A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n40A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n8          | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n40         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50, 60, |             |
|             |             |             | 80          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7A-n25 | C           | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n66A-n77A | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n7          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| _n7(2A)-n25 | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| A-n66A-n77A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n7A-n25(2A | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| )-n66A-n77A |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n7A-n25A-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 66(2A)-n77A |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n7A-n25A-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 66A-n77(2A) |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7      | C           | n7          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| (2A)-n25(2A | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| )-n66A-n77A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7      | C           | n7          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| (2A)-n25A-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| 66(2A)-n77A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7      | C           | n7          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| (2A)-n25A-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| 66A-n77(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7      | C           | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n25(2A)-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 66(2A)-n77A |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7      | C           | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n25(2A)-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 66A-n77(2A) |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7      | C           | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n25A-n66( | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 2A)-n77(2A) |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7(2A   | C           | n7          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| )-n25(2A)-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| 66(2A)-n77A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7(2A   | C           | n7          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| )-n25A-n66( | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| 2A)-n77(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7(2A   | C           | n7          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| )-n25(2A)-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| 66A-n77(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7A-n   | C           | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 25(2A)-n66( | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 2A)-n77(2A) |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | C           | n7          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| A\_n7(2A)-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| 25(2A)-n66( |             |             |             |             |
| 2A)-n77(2A) | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7A-n25 | C           | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n66A-n78A | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n7A-n25(2A | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| )-n66A-n78A |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n7A-n25A-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 66(2A)-n78A |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| _n7A-n25A-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 66A-n78(2A) |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\         | C           | n7          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| _n7(2A)-n25 | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| A-n66A-n78A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7      | C           | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n25(2A)-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 66A-n78(2A) |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7      | C           | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n25(2A)-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 66(2A)-n78A |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7      | C           | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n25A-n66( | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 2A)-n78(2A) |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7      | C           | n7          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| (2A)-n25(2A | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| )-n66A-n78A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7      | C           | n7          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| (2A)-n25A-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| 66(2A)-n78A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7      | C           | n7          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| (2A)-n25A-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| 66A-n78(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7A-n   | C           | n7          | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| 25(2A)-n66( | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 2A)-n78(2A) |             |             | 40, 50      |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7(2A   | C           | n7          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| )-n25(2A)-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| 66A-n78(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7(2A   | C           | n7          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| )-n25(2A)-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| 66(2A)-n78A |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n7(2A   | C           | n7          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| )-n25A-n66( | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| 2A)-n78(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | C           | n7          | CA\_n       | 0           |
| A\_n7(2A)-n | A\_n7A-n25A |             | 7(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| 25(2A)-n66( |             |             |             |             |
| 2A)-n78(2A) | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | C           |             |             |             |
|             | A\_n7A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | CA\_n2      |             |
|             |             |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA          | n12         | 5, 10,15    | 0           |
| A\_n12A-n30 | \_n12A-n30A |             |             |             |
| A-n66A-n77A |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n12A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n12A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             |             |             | 90, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA          | n13         | 5, 10       | 0           |
| A\_n13A-n25 | \_n13A-n25A |             |             |             |
| A-n66A-n77A |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n13A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n13A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | n77^5^      | n14         | 5, 10       | 0           |
| A\_n14A-n30 |             |             |             |             |
| A-n66A-n77A | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n14A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n14A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 14A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 30A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 66A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | n77^5^      | n14         | 5, 10       | 0           |
| n14A-n30A-n |             |             |             |             |
| 66A-n77(2A) | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n14A-n30A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n14A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 14A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 30A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n       |             |             |             |
|             | 66A-n77A^5^ |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA          | n18         | 5, 10, 15   | 0           |
| A\_n18A-n28 | \_n18A-n28A |             |             |             |
| A-n41A-n77A |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n18A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n18A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n41A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n28A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n28         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 80, 90, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A\_n25A-n38 | \_n25A-n38A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| A-n66A-n78A |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n38A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n38A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n38         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | CA          | n25         | CA\_n2      | 0           |
| n25(2A)-n38 | \_n25A-n38A |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| A-n66A-n78A |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n38A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n38A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n38         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| n25A-n38A-n | \_n25A-n38A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 66(2A)-n78A |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n38A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n38A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n38         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| n25A-n38A-n | \_n25A-n38A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 66A-n78(2A) |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n38A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n38A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n38         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25     | CA          | n25         | CA\_n2      | 0           |
| (2A)-n38A-n | \_n25A-n38A |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| 66(2A)-n78A |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n38A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n38A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n38         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25     | CA          | n25         | CA\_n2      | 0           |
| (2A)-n38A-n | \_n25A-n38A |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| 66A-n78(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n38A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n38A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n38         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25     | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n38A-n66( | \_n25A-n38A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 2A)-n78(2A) |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n38A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n38A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n38         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25(2A  | CA          | n25         | CA\_n2      | 0           |
| )-n38A-n66( | \_n25A-n38A |             | 5(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
| 2A)-n78(2A) |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n38A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n38A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n38         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | \-          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A\_n25A-n41 |             |             | 20          |             |
| A-n66A-n71A |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 80, 90, |             |
|             |             |             | 100         |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 40      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             | \_n25A-n41A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             |             |             | 90, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | n25 channel | 4 and 5     |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | n41 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | n66 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | n71 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | \-          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| n25A-n41(2A |             |             | 20          |             |
| )-n66A-n71A |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 1(2A)\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             | \_n25A-n41A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 1(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | n25 channel | 4 and 5     |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | See         |             |
|             |             |             | CA\_n41(2A) |             |
|             |             |             | Bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | Combination |             |
|             |             |             | Set 4 and 5 |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.5A.2-1    |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | n66 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | n71 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | \-          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A\_n25A-n41 |             |             | 20          |             |
| C-n66A-n71A |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n41C\_BCS0 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 40      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 1           |
|             | \_n25A-n41A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n41C    |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n41C\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | n25 channel | 4 and 5     |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | See         |             |
|             |             |             | CA\_n41C    |             |
|             |             |             | Bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | Combination |             |
|             |             |             | Set 4 and 5 |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.5A.1-1    |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | n66 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | n71 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A\_n25A-n41 | \_n25A-n41A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| A-n66A-n77A |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             |             |             | 90, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | n25 channel | 4 and 5     |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | n41 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | n66 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | n77 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A\_n25A-n41 | \_n25A-n41A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| C-n66A-n77A |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n41C    |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n41C\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | n25 channel | 4 and 5     |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | See         |             |
|             |             |             | CA\_n41C    |             |
|             |             |             | Bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | Combination |             |
|             |             |             | Set 4 and 5 |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.5A.1-1    |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | n66 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | n77 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| n25A-n41(2A | \_n25A-n41A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| )-n66A-n77A |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 1(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | n25 channel | 4 and 5     |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | See         |             |
|             |             |             | CA\_n41(2A) |             |
|             |             |             | Bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | Combination |             |
|             |             |             | Set 4 and 5 |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.5A.1-2    |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | n66 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | n77 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| n25A-n41A-n | \_n25A-n41A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 66A-n77(2A) |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             |             |             | 90, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | n25 channel | 4 and 5     |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | n41 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | n66 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | See         |             |
|             |             |             | CA\_n77(2A  |             |
|             |             |             | ) Bandwidth |             |
|             |             |             | Combination |             |
|             |             |             | Set 4 and 5 |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.5A.2-1    |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A\_n25A-n41 | \_n25A-n41A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| A-n66A-n78A |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             |             |             | 90, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| n25A-n41A-n | \_n25A-n41A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 66A-n78(2A) |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n66A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             |             |             | 90, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A\_n25A-n41 | \_n25A-n41A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| A-n71A-n77A |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             |             |             | 90, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | n25 channel | 4 and 5     |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | n41 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | n71 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | n77 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A\_n25A-n41 | \_n25A-n41A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| C-n71A-n77A |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n41C    |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | CA\         |             |
|             |             |             | _n41C\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | n25 channel | 4 and 5     |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | See         |             |
|             |             |             | CA\_n41C    |             |
|             |             |             | Bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | Combination |             |
|             |             |             | Set 4 and 5 |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.5A.1-1    |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | n71 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | n77 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| n25A-n41(2A | \_n25A-n41A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| )-n71A-n77A |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | CA\_n4      |             |
|             |             |             | 1(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | n25 channel | 4 and 5     |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | See         |             |
|             |             |             | CA\_n41(2A) |             |
|             |             |             | Bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | Combination |             |
|             |             |             | Set 4 and 5 |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.5A.1-2    |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | n71 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | n77 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | \-          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A\_n25A-n41 |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| A-n71A-n78A |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             |             |             | 90, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A\_n25A-n66 | \_n25A-n66A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| A-n71A-n77A |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n25         | n25 channel | 4 and 5     |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | n66 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | n71 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | n77 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A\_n25A-n66 | \_n25A-n66A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| A-n71A-n78A |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| n25A-n66(2A | \_n25A-n66A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| )-n71A-n78A |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| n25A-n66A-n | \_n25A-n66A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 71A-n78(2A) |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n25     | CA          | n25         | 5, 10, 15,  | 0           |
| A-n66(2A)-n | \_n25A-n66A |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
| 71A-n78(2A) |             |             | 40          |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n25A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA          | n29         | 5, 10       | 0           |
| A\_n29A-n30 | \_n30A-n66A |             |             |             |
| A-n66A-n77A |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n30A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n30         | 5, 10       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
|             |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             |             |             | 90, 100     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA          | n41         | 10, 15, 20, | 0           |
| A\_n41A-n66 | \_n41A-n66A |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
| A-n70A-n78A |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             | CA          |             | 90, 100     |             |
|             | \_n41A-n70A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n70A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n70         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25      |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA          | n41         | 10, 15, 20, | 0           |
| A\_n41A-n66 | \_n41A-n66A |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
| A-n71A-n77A |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             | CA          |             | 90, 100     |             |
|             | \_n41A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | n41 channel | 4 and 5     |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | n66 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | n71 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | n77 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA          | n41         | CA\         | 0           |
| A\_n41C-n66 | \_n41A-n66A |             | _n41C\_BCS1 |             |
| A-n71A-n77A |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA\_n41C    |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | See         | 4 and 5     |
|             |             |             | CA\_n41C    |             |
|             |             |             | Bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | Combination |             |
|             |             |             | Set 4 and 5 |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.5A.1-1    |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | n66 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | n71 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | n77 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | CA          | n41         | CA\_n4      | 0           |
| n41(2A)-n66 | \_n41A-n66A |             | 1(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
| A-n71A-n77A |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | See         | 4 and 5     |
|             |             |             | CA\_n41(2A) |             |
|             |             |             | Bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | Combination |             |
|             |             |             | Set 4 and 5 |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.5A.2-1    |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | n66 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | n71 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | n77 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | CA          | n41         | 10, 15, 20, | 0           |
| n41A-n66(2A | \_n41A-n66A |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
| )-n71A-n77A |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             | CA          |             | 90, 100     |             |
|             | \_n41A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | n41 channel | 4 and 5     |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | See         |             |
|             |             |             | CA\_n66(2A) |             |
|             |             |             | Bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | Combination |             |
|             |             |             | Set 4 and 5 |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.5A.2-1    |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | n71 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | n77 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | CA          | n41         | 10, 15, 20, | 0           |
| n41A-n66A-n | \_n41A-n66A |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
| 71A-n77(2A) |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             | CA          |             | 90, 100     |             |
|             | \_n41A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n41         | n41 channel | 4 and 5     |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | n66 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | n71 channel |             |
|             |             |             | bandwidths  |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.3.5-1     |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | See         |             |
|             |             |             | CA\_n77(2A) |             |
|             |             |             | Bandwidth   |             |
|             |             |             | Combination |             |
|             |             |             | Set 4 and 5 |             |
|             |             |             | in Table    |             |
|             |             |             | 5.5A.2-1    |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n41     | CA          | n41         | 10, 15, 20, | 0           |
| A-n66(2A)-n | \_n41A-n66A |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
| 71A-n77(2A) |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             | CA          |             | 90, 100     |             |
|             | \_n41A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n77A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n77A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n77         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 7(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| C           | CA          | n41         | 10, 15, 20, | 0           |
| A\_n41A-n66 | \_n41A-n66A |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
| A-n71A-n78A |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             | CA          |             | 90, 100     |             |
|             | \_n41A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | CA          | n41         | 10, 15, 20, | 0           |
| n41A-n66(2A | \_n41A-n66A |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
| )-n71A-n78A |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             | CA          |             | 90, 100     |             |
|             | \_n41A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | 10, 15, 20, |             |
|             |             |             | 25, 30, 40, |             |
|             |             |             | 50, 60, 70, |             |
|             |             |             | 80, 90, 100 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_        | CA          | n41         | 10, 15, 20, | 0           |
| n41A-n66A-n | \_n41A-n66A |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
| 71A-n78(2A) |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             | CA          |             | 90, 100     |             |
|             | \_n41A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20, 25, 30, |             |
|             |             |             | 40          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| CA\_n41     | CA          | n41         | 10, 15, 20, | 0           |
| A-n66(2A)-n | \_n41A-n66A |             | 30, 40, 50, |             |
| 71A-n78(2A) |             |             | 60, 70, 80, |             |
|             | CA          |             | 90, 100     |             |
|             | \_n41A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n41A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n71A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n66A-n78A |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             | CA          |             |             |             |
|             | \_n71A-n78A |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n66         | CA\_n6      |             |
|             |             |             | 6(2A)\_BCS1 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n71         | 5, 10, 15,  |             |
|             |             |             | 20          |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | n78         | CA\_n7      |             |
|             |             |             | 8(2A)\_BCS2 |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| NOTE 1:     |             |             |             |             |
| This UE     |             |             |             |             |
| channel     |             |             |             |             |
| bandwidth   |             |             |             |             |
| is optional |             |             |             |             |
| in this     |             |             |             |             |
| release of  |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| spe         |             |             |             |             |
| cification. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 2: For |             |             |             |             |
| the 20 MHz  |             |             |             |             |
| bandwidth,  |             |             |             |             |
| the minimum |             |             |             |             |
| r           |             |             |             |             |
| equirements |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| specified   |             |             |             |             |
| for NR UL   |             |             |             |             |
| carrier     |             |             |             |             |
| frequencies |             |             |             |             |
| confined to |             |             |             |             |
| either      |             |             |             |             |
| 713-723 MHz |             |             |             |             |
| or          |             |             |             |             |
| 7           |             |             |             |             |
| 28-738 MHz. |             |             |             |             |
| For the     |             |             |             |             |
| 30MHz       |             |             |             |             |
| bandwidth,  |             |             |             |             |
| the minimum |             |             |             |             |
| r           |             |             |             |             |
| equirements |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| specified   |             |             |             |             |
| for NR UL   |             |             |             |             |
| t           |             |             |             |             |
| ransmission |             |             |             |             |
| bandwidth   |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
| confined to |             |             |             |             |
| either      |             |             |             |             |
| 703-733 or  |             |             |             |             |
| 718-748     |             |             |             |             |
| MHz.        |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 3: For |             |             |             |             |
| each        |             |             |             |             |
| channel     |             |             |             |             |
| bandwidth   |             |             |             |             |
| of each     |             |             |             |             |
| component   |             |             |             |             |
| carrier,    |             |             |             |             |
| refer to    |             |             |             |             |
| Table       |             |             |             |             |
| 5.3.5-1 for |             |             |             |             |
| the         |             |             |             |             |
| applicable  |             |             |             |             |
| SCSs. For a |             |             |             |             |
| given band, |             |             |             |             |
| not all UE  |             |             |             |             |
| channel     |             |             |             |             |
| bandwidths  |             |             |             |             |
| support the |             |             |             |             |
| same SCSs.. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 4:     |             |             |             |             |
| Only single |             |             |             |             |
| uplink      |             |             |             |             |
| carriers    |             |             |             |             |
| with power  |             |             |             |             |
| class other |             |             |             |             |
| than PC3    |             |             |             |             |
| are listed. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 5:     |             |             |             |             |
| Minimum     |             |             |             |             |
| r           |             |             |             |             |
| equirements |             |             |             |             |
| for Power   |             |             |             |             |
| Class 2 are |             |             |             |             |
| applicable  |             |             |             |             |
| for this    |             |             |             |             |
| uplink      |             |             |             |             |
| combination |             |             |             |             |
| or single   |             |             |             |             |
| uplink      |             |             |             |             |
| carrier in  |             |             |             |             |
| this        |             |             |             |             |
| down        |             |             |             |             |
| link/uplink |             |             |             |             |
| c           |             |             |             |             |
| ombination. |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| NOTE 6: For |             |             |             |             |
| this        |             |             |             |             |
| bandwidth,  |             |             |             |             |
| the minimum |             |             |             |             |
| r           |             |             |             |             |
| equirements |             |             |             |             |
| are         |             |             |             |             |
| restricted  |             |             |             |             |
| to          |             |             |             |             |
| operation   |             |             |             |             |
| when        |             |             |             |             |
| carrier is  |             |             |             |             |
| configured  |             |             |             |             |
| as a        |             |             |             |             |
| downlink    |             |             |             |             |
| SCell part  |             |             |             |             |
| of CA       |             |             |             |             |
| co          |             |             |             |             |
| nfiguration |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

#### 5.5A.3.4 Configurations for inter-band CA (**five bands)**

**Table 5.5A.3.4-1: NR CA configurations and bandwidth combinations sets
defined for inter-band CA (five bands)**

+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NR CA        | Uplink       | NR Band | Channel      | Bandwidth    |
| c            | c            |         | bandwidth    | combination  |
| onfiguration | onfiguration |         | (MHz) (NOTE  | set          |
|              |              |         | 1)           |              |
+==============+==============+=========+==============+==============+
| CA\_n1A-n3A- | CA\_n1A-n3A\ | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n5A-n7A-n78A | CA\_n1A-n5A  |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n1A-n7A\ | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n5A\ | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n7A  |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              | A\_n3A-n78A\ |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n7A  |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              | A\_n5A-n78A\ |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_n1A-n3A- | CA\_n1A-n3A\ | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n5A-n7B-n78A | CA\_n1A-n5A  |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n1A-n7A\ | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n5A\ | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n7A  |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n7      | See CA\_n7B  |              |
|              | A\_n3A-n78A\ |         | bandwidth    |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n7A  |         | combination  |              |
|              |              |         | set 0 in     |              |
|              |              |         | Table        |              |
|              |              |         | 5.5A.1-1     |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              | A\_n5A-n78A\ |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
|              | CA\_n7B      |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | \-           | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n1A-n3A-n |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
| 7A-n28A-n78A |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 1            |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n7A  |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n28A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n7A  | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n28A |         | 40           |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n7A-n28A | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | C            | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| C            | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| A\_n1A-n3A-n |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
| 7B-n28A-n78A | CA\_n1A-n7A  |         | 40, 50       |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n28A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n7A  |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n28A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n28A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n7B      |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n7      | See CA\_n7B  |              |
|              |              |         | bandwidth    |              |
|              |              |         | combination  |              |
|              |              |         | set 0 in     |              |
|              |              |         | Table        |              |
|              |              |         | 5.5A.1-1     |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n78     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA\_         | CA\_n1A-n3A  | n1      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| n1A-n3A-n7A- |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
| n28A-n78(2A) | CA\_n1A-n7A  |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n1A-n28A | n3      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n1A-n78A |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n7A  | n7      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              | CA\_n3A-n28A |         | 40, 50       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n3A-n78A | n28     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 30       |              |
|              | CA\_n7A-n28A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              | CA\_n7A-n78A | n78     | See          |              |
|              |              |         | CA\_n78(2A)  |              |
|              | C            |         | Bandwidth    |              |
|              | A\_n28A-n78A |         | Combination  |              |
|              |              |         | Set 2 in     |              |
|              |              |         | Table        |              |
|              |              |         | 5.5A.2-1     |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| \_n2A-n5A-n4 |              |         | 20           |              |
| 8A-n66A-n77A | CA\_n2A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^2^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^2^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 70^2^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^2^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^2^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^2^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| \_n2A-n5A-n4 |              |         | 20           |              |
| 8B-n66A-n77A | CA\_n2A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n48B     |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | See CA\_n48B |              |
|              |              |         | Bandwidth    |              |
|              |              |         | Combination  |              |
|              |              |         | Set 2 in     |              |
|              |              |         | Table        |              |
|              |              |         | 5.5A.1-1     |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | 10, 15, 20,  |              |
|              |              |         | 25, 30, 40,  |              |
|              |              |         | 50, 60, 70,  |              |
|              |              |         | 80, 90, 100  |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| CA           | CA\_n2A-n5A  | n2      | 5, 10, 15,   | 0            |
| \_n2A-n5A-n4 |              |         | 20           |              |
| 8A-n66A-n77C | CA\_n2A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n2A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n48A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n5A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n48A-n66A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | C            |         |              |              |
|              | A\_n66A-n77A |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
|              | CA\_n77C     |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n5      | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n48     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 40,      |              |
|              |              |         | 50^2^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 60^2^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 70^2^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 80^2^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 90^2^,       |              |
|              |              |         | 100^2^       |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n66     | 5, 10, 15,   |              |
|              |              |         | 20, 25, 30,  |              |
|              |              |         | 40           |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
|              |              | n77     | See CA\_n77C |              |
|              |              |         | Bandwidth    |              |
|              |              |         | Combination  |              |
|              |              |         | Set 1 in     |              |
|              |              |         | Table        |              |
|              |              |         | 5.5A.1-1     |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+
| NOTE 1: For  |              |         |              |              |
| each channel |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth of |              |         |              |              |
| each         |              |         |              |              |
| component    |              |         |              |              |
| carrier,     |              |         |              |              |
| refer to     |              |         |              |              |
| Table        |              |         |              |              |
| 5.3.5-1 of   |              |         |              |              |
| TS 38.101-1  |              |         |              |              |
| and TS       |              |         |              |              |
| 38.101-2 for |              |         |              |              |
| the          |              |         |              |              |
| applicable   |              |         |              |              |
| SCSs for NR  |              |         |              |              |
| FR1 and NR   |              |         |              |              |
| FR2 bands    |              |         |              |              |
| r            |              |         |              |              |
| espectively. |              |         |              |              |
| For a given  |              |         |              |              |
| band, not    |              |         |              |              |
| all UE       |              |         |              |              |
| channel      |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidths   |              |         |              |              |
| support the  |              |         |              |              |
| same SCSs.   |              |         |              |              |
|              |              |         |              |              |
| NOTE 2: For  |              |         |              |              |
| this         |              |         |              |              |
| bandwidth,   |              |         |              |              |
| the minimum  |              |         |              |              |
| requirements |              |         |              |              |
| are          |              |         |              |              |
| restricted   |              |         |              |              |
| to operation |              |         |              |              |
| when carrier |              |         |              |              |
| is           |              |         |              |              |
| configured   |              |         |              |              |
| as a         |              |         |              |              |
| downlink     |              |         |              |              |
| SCell part   |              |         |              |              |
| of CA        |              |         |              |              |
| c            |              |         |              |              |
| onfiguration |              |         |              |              |
+--------------+--------------+---------+--------------+--------------+

5.5B Configurations for DC
--------------------------

For an NR DC configuration specified in Table 5.5B-1, the bandwidth
combination sets for the corresponding NR CA configuration in 5.5A.3,
i.e., dual uplink inter-band carrier aggregation with uplink assigned to
two NR bands, are applicable to Dual Connectivity.

Table 5.5B-1: Inter-band NR DC configurations (two bands)

+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| NR DC                                              | Uplink NR DC   |
|                                                    |                |
| configuration                                      | configuration  |
+====================================================+================+
| DC\_n1A-n3A                                        | DC\_n1A-n3A    |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n1A-n7A                                        | DC\_n1A-n7A    |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n1A-n28A                                       | DC\_n1A-n28A   |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n1A-n41A                                       | DC\_n1A-n41A   |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n1A-n77A^2^                                    | DC\_n1A-n77A   |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n1A-n78A                                       | DC\_n1A-n78A   |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n1A-n79A^2^                                    | DC\_n1A-n79A   |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n2A-n5A                                        | DC\_n2A-n5A    |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n2A-n5B                                        |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n2A-n48A                                       | DC\_n2A-n48A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n2A-n48B                                       |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n2A-n48C                                       |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n2A-n48(2A)                                    | DC\_n2A-n48A   |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n2A-n66A                                       | DC\_n2A-n66A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n2A-n66B                                       |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n2A-n77A                                       | DC\_n2A-n77A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n2A-n77C                                       |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n2A-n77(2A)                                    | DC\_n2A-n77A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n2(2A)-n77A                                    |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n2(2A)-n77C                                    |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n3A-n28A                                       | DC\_n3A-n28A   |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n3A-n41A                                       | DC\_n3A-n41A   |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n3A-n77A^2^                                    | DC\_n3A-n77A   |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n3A-n77(2A) ^2^                                | DC\_n3A-n77A   |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n3A-n78A^2^                                    | DC\_n3A-n78A   |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n3A-n79A                                       | DC\_n3A-n79A   |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n5A-n48A                                       | DC\_n5A-n48A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n5A-n48B                                       |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n5A-n48C                                       |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n5A-n48(2A)                                    | DC\_n5A-n48A   |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n5A-n66A                                       | DC\_n5A-n66A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n5B-n66A                                       |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n5A-n66(2A)                                    | DC\_n5A-n66A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n5B-n66(2A)                                    |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n5A-n77A                                       | DC\_n5A-n77A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n5A-n77C                                       |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n5A-n77(2A)                                    | DC\_n5A-n77A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n5(2A)-n77A                                    |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n5(2A)-n77C                                    |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n7A-n46A                                       | DC\_n7A-n46A   |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n7A-n46C                                       |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n7A-n46D                                       |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n7A-n78A                                       | DC\_n7A-n78A   |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n12A-n77A                                      | DC\_n12A-n77A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n12A-n77(2A)                                   | DC\_n12A-n77A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n28A-n41A                                      | DC\_n28A-n41A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n28A-n46A                                      | DC\_n28A-n46A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n28A-n46C                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n28A-n46D                                      |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n28A-n77A^2^                                   | DC\_n28A-n77A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n28A-n77(2A)                                   | DC\_n28A-n77A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n28A-n78A^2^                                   | DC\_n28A-n78A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n28A-n79A                                      | DC\_n28A-n79A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n41A-n77A                                      | DC\_n41A-n77A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n41A-n78A                                      | DC\_n41A-n78A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n46A-n48A                                      | DC\_n46A-n48A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n46A-n48B                                      | DC\_n46A-n48B  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n46A-n48C                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n46B-n48A                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n46B-n48B                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n46B-n48C                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n46C-n48A                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n46C-n48B                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n46C-n48C                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n46D-n48A                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n46D-n48B                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n46D-n48C                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n46N-n48A                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n46N-n48B                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n46N-n48C                                      |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n46A-n78A                                      | DC\_n46A-n78A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n46C-n78A                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n46D-n78A                                      |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n48A-n66A                                      | DC\_n48A-n66A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48B-n66A                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48C-n66A                                      |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n48A-n66(2A)                                   | DC\_n48A-n66A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48B-n66(2A)                                   |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48(2A)-n66A                                   |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48(2A)-n66(2A)                                |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n48A-n70A                                      | DC\_n48A-n70A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48B-n70A                                      |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n48(2A)-n70A                                   | DC\_n48A-n70A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n48A-n71A                                      | DC\_n48A-n71A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48B-n71A                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48C-n71A                                      |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n48A-n71(2A)                                   | DC\_n48A-n71A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48(2A)-n71A                                   |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48(2A)-n71(2A)                                |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48(3A)-n71A                                   |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48(4A)-n71A                                   |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48B-n71(2A)                                   |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n48A-n96A                                      | DC\_n48A-n96A\ |
|                                                    | DC\_n48B-n96A  |
| DC\_n48B-n96A                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48C-n96A                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48A-n96B                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48B-n96B                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48C-n96B                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48A-n96C                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48B-n96C                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48C-n96C                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48A-n96D                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48B-n96D                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48C-n96D                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48A-n96E                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48B-n96E                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n48C-n96E                                      |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n66A-n77A                                      | DC\_n66A-n77A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n66A-n77C                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n66B-n77A                                      |                |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n66B-n77C                                      |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n66A-n77(2A)                                   | DC\_n66A-n77A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n66(2A)-n77(2A)                                | DC\_n66A-n77A  |
|                                                    |                |
| DC\_n66(2A)-n77C                                   |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n71A-n77A                                      | DC\_n71A-n77A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n71A-n77(2A)                                   | DC\_n71A-n77A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n77A-n79A^1^                                   | DC\_n77A-n79A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| DC\_n77(2A)-n79A^1^                                | DC\_n77A-n79A  |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+
| NOTE 1: The minimum requirements apply only when   |                |
| there is non-simultaneous Rx/Tx operation between  |                |
| n77-n79 NR carriers. This restriction applies also |                |
| for these carriers when applicable NR DC           |                |
| configuration is part of a higher order            |                |
| configuration.                                     |                |
|                                                    |                |
| NOTE 2: Applicable for UE supporting inter-band NR |                |
| DC with mandatory simultaneous Rx/Tx capability.   |                |
+----------------------------------------------------+----------------+

Table 5.5B-2: Inter-band NR DC configurations (three bands)

+-----------------------+---------------+
| NR DC                 | Uplink NR DC  |
|                       |               |
| configuration         | configuration |
+=======================+===============+
| DC\_n1A-n3A-n28A      | DC\_n1A-n3A   |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n1A-n28A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n3A-n28A  |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n1A-n3A-n41A      | DC\_n1A-n3A   |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n1A-n41A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n3A-n41A  |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n1A-n3A-n77A      | DC\_n1A-n3A   |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n3A-n77A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n1A-n77A  |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n1A-n3A-n78A      | DC\_n1A-n3A   |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n3A-n78A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n1A-n78A  |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n1A-n3A-n79A      | DC\_n1A-n3A   |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n3A-n79A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n1A-n79A  |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n1A-n7A-n78A      | DC\_n1A-n7A   |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n7A-n78A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n1A-n78A  |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n1A-n28A-n41A     | DC\_n1A-n28A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n1A-n41A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n28A-n41A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n1A-n28A-n77A     | DC\_n1A-n28A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n1A-n77A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n28A-n77A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n1A-n28A-n78A     | DC\_n1A-n28A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n1A-n78A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n28A-n78A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n1A-n28A-n79A     | DC\_n1A-n28A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n1A-n79A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n28A-n79A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n1A-n41A-n77A     | DC\_n1A-n41A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n1A-n77A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n41A-n77A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n1A-n77A-n79A     | DC\_n1A-n77A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n1A-n79A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n77A-n79A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n3A-n28A-n41A     | DC\_n3A-n28A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n3A-n41A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n28A-n41A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n3A-n28A-n77A     | DC\_n3A-n28A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n3A-n77A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n28A-n77A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n3A-n28A-n77(2A)  | DC\_n3A-n28A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n3A-n77A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n28A-n77A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n3A-n28A-n78A     | DC\_n3A-n28A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n3A-n78A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n28A-n78A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n3A-n28A-n79A     | DC\_n3A-n28A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n3A-n79A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n28A-n79A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n3A-n41A-n77A     | DC\_n3A-n41A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n3A-n77A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n41A-n77A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n28A-n41A-n77A    | DC\_n28A-n41A |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n28A-n77A |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n41A-n77A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n3A-n77A-n79A     | DC\_n3A-n77A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n3A-n79A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n77A-n79A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n3A-n77(2A)-n79A  | DC\_n3A-n77A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n3A-n79A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n77A-n79A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n7A-n46A-n78A     | DC\_n7A-n46A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n7A-n78A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n46A-n78A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n7A-n46C-n78A     | DC\_n7A-n46A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n7A-n78A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n46A-n78A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n7A-n46D-n78A     | DC\_n7A-n46A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n7A-n78A  |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n46A-n78A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n28A-n46A-n78A    | DC\_n28A-n46A |
|                       |               |
| DC\_n28A-n46C-n78A    | DC\_n28A-n78A |
|                       |               |
| DC\_n28A-n46D-n78A    | DC\_n46A-n78A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n28A-n77A-n79A    | DC\_n28A-n77A |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n28A-n79A |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n77A-n79A |
+-----------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n28A-n77(2A)-n79A | DC\_n28A-n77A |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n28A-n79A |
|                       |               |
|                       | DC\_n77A-n79A |
+-----------------------+---------------+

Table 5.5B-3: Inter-band NR DC configurations (four bands)

+---------------------------+---------------+
| NR DC                     | Uplink NR DC  |
|                           |               |
| configuration             | configuration |
+===========================+===============+
| DC\_n1A-n3A-n28A-n77A     | DC\_n1A-n3A   |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n1A-n28A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n1A-n77A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n3A-n28A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n3A-n77A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n28A-n77A |
+---------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n1A-n3A-n28A-n79A     | DC\_n1A-n3A   |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n1A-n28A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n1A-n79A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n3A-n28A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n3A-n79A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n28A-n79A |
+---------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n1A-n3A-n77A-n79A     | DC\_n1A-n3A   |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n1A-n77A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n1A-n79A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n3A-n77A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n3A-n79A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n77A-n79A |
+---------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n1A-n28A-n77A-n79A    | DC\_n1A-n28A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n1A-n77A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n1A-n79A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n28A-n77A |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n28A-n79A |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n77A-n79A |
+---------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n3A-n28A-n41A-n77A    | DC\_n3A-n28A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n3A-n41A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n3A-n77A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n28A-n41A |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n28A-n77A |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n41A-n77A |
+---------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n3A-n28A-n77A-n79A    | DC\_n3A-n28A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n3A-n77A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n3A-n79A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n28A-n77A |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n28A-n79A |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n77A-n79A |
+---------------------------+---------------+
| DC\_n3A-n28A-n77(2A)-n79A | DC\_n3A-n28A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n3A-n77A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n3A-n79A  |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n28A-n77A |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n28A-n79A |
|                           |               |
|                           | DC\_n77A-n79A |
+---------------------------+---------------+

5.5C Configurations for SUL
---------------------------

The configuration tables for SUL describe Bandwidth Combination Sets.
Bandwidth Combination Set 4 and 5 contains all possible defined channel
bandwidths for each band in the combination. The fact that BCS4 and BCS5
contains all channel bandwidths for each band does not alter if a
bandwidth is mandatory or optional for a given band. Bandwidths that are
identified as optional in Table 5.3.5-1 for a given release are still
optional for UEs that support BCS4 or BCS5. , where the bandwidths the
UE supports for each band, the maximum bandwidth and/or minimum
bandwidth for the band in the band combination are indicated in the UE
capabilities. The minimum bandwidth per CC and aggregated FDD, TDD and
total bandwidth per band combination may be indicated only for BCS5 as
described in 38.306 \[15\] and BCS5 shall not be indicated together with
BCS4 for a SUL configuration. For SUL band combinations including FR1
intra-band CA and with BCS4 or BCS5, the Bandwidth Combination Sets for
the FR1 intra-band CA are BCS4 or BCS5.

Table 5.5C-1: Supported channel bandwidths per SUL band combination

  SUL configuration                                                                NR Band   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)                               Bandwidth combination set
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- -------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------
  SUL\_n24A-n99A                                                                   n24       5, 10                                                          0
                                                                                   n99       5, 10                                                          
  SUL\_n41A-n80A                                                                   n41       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                            0
                                                                                   n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30                                          
                                                                                   n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                        1
                                                                                   n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                      
  SUL\_n41A-n81A                                                                   n41       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                            0
                                                                                   n81       5, 10, 15, 20                                                  
  SUL\_n41A-n83A                                                                   n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                        0
                                                                                   n83       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                              
  SUL\_n41A-n95A                                                                   n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                        0
                                                                                   n95       5, 10, 15                                                      
  SUL\_n41A-n97A                                                                   n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                        0
                                                                                   n97       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80                          
                                                                                   n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100                    1
                                                                                   n97       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100             
  SUL\_n41A-n98A                                                                   n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                        0
                                                                                   n98       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                      
  SUL\_n41A-n99A                                                                   n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                        0
                                                                                   n99       5, 10                                                          
  SUL\_n48A-n99A                                                                   n48       5, 10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                         0
                                                                                   n99       5, 10                                                          
  SUL\_n77A-n80A                                                                   n77       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                            0
                                                                                   n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30                                          
  SUL\_n77A-n84A                                                                   n77       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                            0
                                                                                   n84       5, 10, 15, 20                                                  
  SUL\_n77A-n99A                                                                   n77       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                            0
                                                                                   n99       5, 10                                                          
  SUL\_n78A-n80A                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                            0
                                                                                   n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30                                          
                                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100                1
                                                                                   n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                      
  SUL\_n78A-n81A                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                            0
                                                                                   n81       5, 10, 15, 20                                                  
  SUL\_n78A-n82A                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                            0
                                                                                   n82       5, 10, 15, 20                                                  
  SUL\_n78A-n83A                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                            0
                                                                                   n83       5, 10, 15, 20                                                  
                                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100                1
                                                                                   n83       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                              
  SUL\_n78A-n84A                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                            0
                                                                                   n84       5, 10, 15, 20                                                  
                                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100                1
                                                                                   n84       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50                                  
  SUL\_n78A-n86A                                                                   n78       10, 15, 20, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100                        0
                                                                                   n86       5, 10, 15, 20                                                  
  SUL\_n79A-n80A                                                                   n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                            0
                                                                                   n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30                                          
                                                                                   n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                            1
                                                                                   n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                      
  SUL\_n79A-n81A                                                                   n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                            0
                                                                                   n81       5, 10, 15, 20                                                  
  SUL\_n79A-n83A                                                                   n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                            0
                                                                                   n83       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                              
  SUL\_n79A-n84A                                                                   n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                            0
                                                                                   n84       5, 10, 15, 20                                                  
  SUL\_n79A-n95A                                                                   n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                            0
                                                                                   n95       5, 10, 15                                                      
  SUL\_n79A-n97A                                                                   n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                            0
                                                                                   n97       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80                          
                                                                                   n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                            1
                                                                                   n97       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100             
                                                                                   n79       See n79 channel bandwidths in Table 5.3.5-1 for each carrier   BCS4 and BCS5
                                                                                   n97       See n97 channel bandwidths in Table 5.3.5-1 for each carrier   
  SUL\_n79A-n98A                                                                   n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                            0
                                                                                   n98       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                      
  NOTE 1: The SCS of each channel bandwidth for NR band refers to Table 5.3.5-1.                                                                            

Table 5.5C-2: Supported channel bandwidths per SUL band combination with
intra-band non-contiguous CA

  SUL band combination with intra-band non-contiguous CA                           SUL configuration   NR Band   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)                                Bandwidth combination set
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- --------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------
  CA\_n41(2A)-n99A                                                                 SUL\_n41A-n99A      n41       See CA\_n41(2A) Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.2-1   0
                                                                                                       n99       5, 10                                                           
  CA\_n48(2A)-n99A                                                                 SUL\_n48A-n99A      n48       See CA\_n48(2A) Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.2-1   0
                                                                                                       n99       5, 10                                                           
  CA\_n77(2A)-n99A                                                                 SUL\_n77A-n99A      n77       See CA\_n77(2A) Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.2-1   0
                                                                                                       n99       5, 10                                                           
  CA\_n78(2A)-n86A                                                                 SUL\_n78A-n86A      n78       See CA\_n78(2A) Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.2-1   0
                                                                                                       n86       5, 10, 15, 20                                                   
  NOTE 1: The SCS of each channel bandwidth for NR band refers to Table 5.3.5-1.                                                                                                 

Table 5.5C-3: Supported channel bandwidths per SUL band combination with
intra-band contiguous CA

  SUL band combination with CA                                                     SUL configuration   NR Band   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)                             Bandwidth combination set
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- ------------------------------------------------------------ ---------------------------
  CA\_n41C-n80A                                                                    SUL\_n41A-n80A      n41       See CA\_n41C Bandwidth Combination Set 1 in Table 5.5A.1-1   0
                                                                                   CA\_n41C-n80A       n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    
  CA\_n41C-n83A                                                                    SUL\_n41A-n83A      n41       See CA\_n41C Bandwidth Combination Set 1 in Table 5.5A.1-1   0
                                                                                   CA\_n41C-n83A       n83       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                            
  CA\_n41C-n95A                                                                    SUL\_n41A-n95A      n41       See CA\_n41C Bandwidth Combination Set 1 in Table 5.5A.1-1   0
                                                                                   CA\_n41C-n95A       n95       5, 10, 15                                                    
  CA\_n78C-n80A                                                                    SUL\_n78A-n80A      n78       See CA\_n78C Bandwidth Combination Set 1 in Table 5.5A.1-1   0
                                                                                   CA\_n78C-n80A       n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    
  CA\_n78C-n84A                                                                    SUL\_n78A-n84A      n78       See CA\_n78C Bandwidth Combination Set 1 in Table 5.5A.1-1   0
                                                                                   CA\_n78C-n84A       n84       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50                                
  CA\_n79C-n80A                                                                    SUL\_n79A-n80A      n79       See CA\_n79C Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.1-1   0
                                                                                   CA\_n79C-n80A       n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    
  CA\_n79C-n83A                                                                    SUL\_n79A-n83A      n79       See CA\_n79C Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.1-1   0
                                                                                   CA\_n79C-n83A       n83       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                            
  CA\_n79C-n95A                                                                    SUL\_n79A-n95A      n79       See CA\_n79C Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.1-1   0
                                                                                   CA\_n79C-n95A       n95       5, 10, 15                                                    
  NOTE 1: The SCS of each channel bandwidth for NR band refers to Table 5.3.5-1.                                                                                              

Table 5.5C-4: Supported channel bandwidths per SUL band combination with
inter-band CA

  SUL band combination with CA                                                     SUL configuration   NR Band   Channel bandwidth (MHz) (NOTE 1)                             Bandwidth combination set
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------- --------- ------------------------------------------------------------ ---------------------------
  CA\_n1A\_n78A-n80A                                                               SUL\_n78A-n80A      n1        5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50                                0
                                                                                                       n78       10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100              
                                                                                                       n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    
  CA\_n1A\_n78A-n84A                                                               SUL\_n78A-n84A      n1        5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50                                0
                                                                                                       n78       10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100              
                                                                                                       n84       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50                                
  CA\_n1A\_n78C-n84A                                                               SUL\_n78A-n84A      n1        5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50                                0
                                                                                   CA\_n78C-n84A       n78       See CA\_n78C Bandwidth Combination Set 1 in Table 5.5A.1-1   
                                                                                                       n84       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50                                
  CA\_n3A\_n41A-n80A                                                               SUL\_n41A-n80A      n3        5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    0
                                                                                                       n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                      
                                                                                                       n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    
  CA\_n3A\_n41C-n80A                                                               SUL\_n41A-n80A      n3        5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    0
                                                                                                       n41       See CA\_n41C Bandwidth Combination Set 1 in Table 5.5A.1-1   
                                                                                                       n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    
  CA\_n3A\_SUL\_n78A-n80A                                                          SUL\_n78A-n80A      n3        5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    0
                                                                                                       n78       10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100              
                                                                                                       n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    
  CA\_n3A\_n78C-n80A                                                               SUL\_n78A-n80A      n3        5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    0
                                                                                   CA\_n78C-n80A       n78       See CA\_n78C Bandwidth Combination Set 1 in Table 5.5A.1-1   
                                                                                                       n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    
  CA\_n3A\_n79A-n80A                                                               SUL\_n79A-n80A      n3        5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    0
                                                                                                       n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                          
                                                                                                       n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    
  CA\_n3A\_n79C-n80A                                                               SUL\_n79A-n80A      n3        5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    0
                                                                                   CA\_n79C-n80A       n79       See CA\_n79C Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.1-1   
                                                                                                       n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    
  CA\_n28A\_n41A-n83A                                                              SUL\_n41A-n83A      n28       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                            0
                                                                                                       n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                      
                                                                                                       n83       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                            
  CA\_n28A\_n41C-n83A                                                              SUL\_n41A-n83A      n28       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                            0
                                                                                   CA\_n41C-n83A       n41       See CA\_n41C Bandwidth Combination Set 1 in Table 5.5A.1-1   
                                                                                                       n83       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                            
  CA\_n28A\_n79A-n83A                                                              SUL\_n79A-n83A      n28       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                            0
                                                                                                       n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                          
                                                                                                       n83       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                            
  CA\_n28A\_n79C-n83A                                                              SUL\_n79A-n83A      n28       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                            0
                                                                                   CA\_n79C-n83A       n79       See CA\_n79C Bandwidth Combination Set 0 in Table 5.5A.1-1   
                                                                                                       n83       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                            
  CA\_n41A\_n79A-n80A                                                              SUL\_n79A-n80A      n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                      0
                                                                                                       n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                          
                                                                                                       n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    
  CA\_n41A\_n79A-n83A                                                              SUL\_n79A-n83A      n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                      0
                                                                                                       n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                          
                                                                                                       n83       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                            
  CA\_n41A\_n79A-n97A                                                              SUL\_n79A-n97A      n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                      0
                                                                                                       n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                          
                                                                                                       n97       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100           
  CA\_n79A\_n41A-n80A                                                              SUL\_n41A-n80A      n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                      0
                                                                                                       n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                          
                                                                                                       n80       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40                                    
  CA\_n79A\_n41A-n83A                                                              SUL\_n41A-n83A      n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                      0
                                                                                                       n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                          
                                                                                                       n83       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                            
  CA\_n79A\_n41A-n97A                                                              SUL\_n41A-n97A      n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                      0
                                                                                                       n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                          
                                                                                                       n97       5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100           
  CA\_n28A-n79A\_n41A-n83A                                                         SUL\_n41A-n83A      n28       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                            0
                                                                                                       n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100                      
                                                                                                       n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                          
                                                                                                       n83       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                            
  CA\_n28A-n41A\_n79A-n83A                                                         SUL\_n79A-n83A      n28       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                            0
                                                                                                       n41       10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100                  
                                                                                                       n79       40, 50, 60, 80, 100                                          
                                                                                                       n83       5, 10, 15, 20, 30                                            
  NOTE 1: The SCS of each channel bandwidth for NR band refers to Table 5.3.5-1.                                                                                              
