12 V2X Requirements
===================

12.1 Introduction
-----------------

This clause contains the requirements for the UE capable of V2X sidelink
communication when the UE is out of coverage on the carrier used for V2X
sidelink operation, as defined in TS 38.304 \[1\]. The requirements
apply when the UE is:

\- in any cell selection state, or,

\- configured for V2X SL operation on a V2X carrier which is dedicated
to only V2X SL operation and configured with only a PCell on WAN
carrier.

\- configured for inter-band con-current V2X operation.

\- configured for intra-band con-current V2X operation with different
carriers.

Note: Any cell selection state refers to a UE that is out of network
coverage and is not associated with a serving cell on any carrier as
defined in TS 38.304 \[1\].

Note: When a UE in RRC\_CONNECTED state is performing transmissions
and/or reception for V2X sidelink communication, the UE shall meet all
the requirements specified in Clause 9 assuming that UE has a dedicated
RX/TX chain for V2X sidelink communication. Otherwise, the UE may
interrup the V2X sidelink communication in order to meet the measurement
requirements specified in Clause 9.

This clause also contains the requirements for the UE capable of V2X
sidelink communication when the UE is in coverage on the carrier used
for V2X sidelink operation, as defined in TS 38.304 \[1\]. The
requirements apply when the UE is:

\- configured for intra-band con-current NR V2X cooperation with same
carrier.

For UE capable of Public Safety sidelink communication and/or other
commercial sidelink commnunication, unless explicitly stated, V2X
requirements apply.

12.2 UE Transmit Timing
-----------------------

### 12.2.1 Introduction

This clause contains requirements of transmission timing for V2X
sidelink communication when:

\- GNSS is used as the synchronization reference source;

\- NR Cell is used as the synchronization reference source;

\- E-UTRAN Cell is used as the synchronization reference source;

\- SyncRef UE is used as the synchronization reference source.

### 12.2.2 GNSS as synchronization reference source

The requirements in this subclause are applicable when the reference
timing used by the UE for V2X sidelink communication is derived from
GNSS.

The sidelink transmissions takes place before the subframe starting
boundary as defined in TS 38.331 \[2\], where = 0 and=0.

The transmission timing error for sidelink transmissions shall be less
than or equal to ±T~e~ where the timing error limit value T~e~ is
defined in Table 12.2.2-1.

Table 12.2.2-1: T~e~ Timing Error Limit

  ------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------
  Frequency Range of sidelink                                         T~e\_~
  FR1                                                                 12\*64\*T~c~
  Note 1: T~c~ is the basic timing unit defined in TS 38.211 \[6\].   
  ------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------

### 12.2.3 NR Cell as synchronization reference source

The requirements in this subclause are applicable when the reference
timing used for sidelink transmissions is a NR serving cell on a non-V2X
sidelink carrier or a V2X sidelink carrier.

The sidelink transmissions takes place before the reception of the first
detected path (in time) of the corresponding downlink frame from the
reference cell, where = 0. If uplink transmission and sidelink
transmission are in the same band, is defined in Table 7.1.2-2,
otherwise is 0.

The transmission timing error for sidelink transmissions shall be less
than or equal to ±T~e~ where the timing error limit value T~e~ is
defined in Table 12.2.3-1.

Table 12.2.3-1: T~e~ Timing Error Limit

  ------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------- ------------------------------- --------------
  Frequency Range of sidelink                                         SCS of SSB signals ( kHz)   SCS of sidelink signals (kHz)   T~e~
  FR1                                                                 15                          15                              14\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                  30                              12\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                  60                              12\*64\*T~c~
                                                                      30                          15                              10\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                  30                              10\*64\*T~c~
                                                                                                  60                              9\*64\*T~c~
  Note 1: T~c~ is the basic timing unit defined in TS 38.211 \[6\].                                                               
  ------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------- ------------------------------- --------------

### 12.2.4 E-URTAN Cell as synchronization reference source

The requirements in this subclause are applicable when the reference
timing used for sidelink transmissions is an E-UTRAN serving cell on a
non-V2X sidelink carrier.

The sidelink transmissions takes place before the reception of the first
detected path (in time) of the corresponding E-UTRAN downlink frame from
the reference cell, where = 0 and=0.

The transmission timing error for sidelink transmissions shall be less
than or equal to ±T~e~ where the timing error limit value T~e~ is
defined in Table 12.2.4-1.

Table 12.2.4-1: T~e~ Timing Error Limit

  ------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------
  Frequency Range of sidelink                                         E-UTRAN downlink bandwidth (MHz)   T~e\_~
  FR1                                                                 ≥3                                 14\*64\*T~c~
  Note 1: T~c~ is the basic timing unit defined in TS 38.211 \[6\].                                      
  ------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------

### 12.2.5 SyncRef UE as synchronization reference source

The requirements in this subclause are applicable when the reference
timing used for deriving sidelink transmission is from SyncRef UE
transmitting sidelink synchronization signals.

The sidelink transmissions takes place before the reception of the first
detected path (in time) of the corresponding timing reference frame from
the SyncRef UE, where = 0 and=0.

The transmission timing error for sidelink transmissions shall be less
than or equal to ±T~e~ where the timing error limit value T~e~ is
defined in Table 12.2.5-1.

Table 12.2.5-1: T~e~ Timing Error Limit

  ------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------- --------------
  Frequency Range of sidelink                                         SCS of sidelink signals (kHz)   T~e~
  FR1                                                                 15                              12\*64\*T~c~
                                                                      30                              8\*64\*T~c~
                                                                      60                              5\*64\*T~c~
  Note 1: T~c~ is the basic timing unit defined in TS 38.211 \[6\].                                   
  ------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------- --------------

12.3 Initiation/Cease of SLSS Transmissions
-------------------------------------------

### 12.3.1 Introduction

The requirements in this subclause are applicable to the UE capable of
V2X sidelink communication when:

\- GNSS is used as the synchronization reference source;

\- NR Cell is used as the synchronization reference source;

\- EUTRAN Cell is used as the synchronization reference source;

\- SyncRef UE is used as the synchronization reference source.

#### 12.3.1.1 Initiation/Cease of SLSS transmissions with NR cell as synchronization reference source

The requirements apply when the NR Cell is used as synchronization
reference source and when the UE is

\- out of coverage on the V2X NR sidelink carrier and in-coverage with a
serving cell on a NR non-V2X sidelink carrier, or

\- in coverage with a serving cell on a NR V2X sidelink carrier,

and when the conditions for SLSS transmissions specified in TS
38.331\[2\] are met; *networkControlledSyncTx* is not configured; and
*syncTxThreshIC* is included in *SystemInformationBlockType12*. The UE
shall be capable of measuring the RSRP of the cell used as
synchronization reference source to evaluate to initiate/cease SLSS
transmissions within T~evaluate,SLSS~

where,

\- T~evaluate,SLSS~ is as specified in Table 12.3.1.1-1 when UE performs
SSB based measurements without measurement gaps.

\- T~evaluate,SLSS~ is as specified in Table 12.3.1.1-2 when UE performs
SSB based measurements with measurement gaps.

Table 12.3.1.1-1: T~evaluate,SLSS~ for measurements without measurement
gaps when NR cell is used as synchronization reference source (FR1)

  DRX cycle in NR cell                                                                                                                                          T~evaluate,SLSS~
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------
  No DRX                                                                                                                                                        max(400ms, ceil( 2 x 5 x K~p~) x SMTC period)^Note\ 1^
  DRX cycle≤ 320ms                                                                                                                                              max(400ms, ceil(1.5 x 2 x 5 x K~p~) x max(SMTC period, DRX cycle))
  DRX cycle\>320ms                                                                                                                                              ceil( 7 x K~p~ ) x DRX cycle
  NOTE 1: If different SMTC periodicities are configured for different cells, the SMTC period in the requirement is the one used by the cell being identified   

Table 12.3.1.1-2: T~evaluate,SLSS~ for measurements with measurement
gaps when NR cell is used as synchronization reference source (FR1)

  DRX cycle in NR cell   T~evaluate,SLSS~
  ---------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  No DRX                 max(400ms, 2 x 5 x max(MGRP, SMTC period)) x CSSF~intra~
  DRX cycle≤ 320ms       max(400ms, ceil(2 x 1.5x 5) x max(MGRP, SMTC period,DRX cycle)) x CSSF~intra~
  DRX cycle\>320ms       7 x max(MGRP, DRX cycle) x CSSF~intra~

If higher layer filtering is configured, an additional delay in
evaluation to initiate/cease SLSS transmissions can be expected.

For the NR cell as synchronization reference source:

\- SS-RSRP related side conditions given in clauses 10.1.2 for FR1,
respectively, for a corresponding Band,

\- SS-RSRQ related side conditions given in clauses 10.1.7 for FR1,
respectively, for a corresponding Band,

\- SS-SINR related side conditions given in clauses 10.1.12 for FR1,
respectively, for a corresponding Band,

\- SSB\_RP and SSB Ês/Iot according to Annex B.2.2 for a corresponding
Band.

#### 12.3.1.2 Initiation/Cease of SLSS transmissions with EUTRAN cell as synchronization reference source

The requirements apply when the EUTRAN Cell is used as synchronization
reference source and when the UE is

\- out of coverage on the V2X NR sidelink carrier and in-coverage with a
serving cell on a LTE non-V2X sidelink carrier,

and when the conditions for SLSS transmissions specified in TS
36.331\[16\] are met; *networkControlledSyncTx* is not configured; and
*syncTxThreshIC* is included in *SystemInformationBlockType28*. The UE
shall be capable of measuring the RSRP of the cell used as
synchronization reference source to evaluate to initiate/cease SLSS
transmissions within T~evaluate,SLSS~

where,

\- T~evaluate,SLSS~ = 0.4 seconds when UE is not configured with DRX.

\- T~evaluate,SLSS~ = as specified in Table 12.3.1.2-1 when UE is
configured with DRX.

Table 12.3.1.2-1: T~evaluate,SLSS~ when EUTRAN cell is used as
synchronization reference source

+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| DRX cycle length in EUTRAN cell\[s\] | T~evaluate,SLSS~             |
|                                      |                              |
|                                      | \[s\] (number of DRX cycles) |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| ≤0.04                                | 0.4 (Note 1)                 |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| 0.04\<DRX-cycle≤2.56                 | Note 2 (6)                   |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+
| Note1: Number of DRX cycles depends  |                              |
| upon the DRX cycle in use            |                              |
|                                      |                              |
| Note2: Time depends upon the DRX     |                              |
| cycles in use                        |                              |
+--------------------------------------+------------------------------+

If higher layer filtering is configured, an additional delay in
evaluation to initiate/cease SLSS transmissions can be expected.

For the cell as synchronization reference source:

\- RSRP related side conditions given in TS 36.133\[15\] Clauses 9.1.2.1
and 9.1.2.2 and RSRQ related side conditions given in TS 36.133\[15\]
Clause 9.1.5.1 for a corresponding Band are fulfilled,

\- SCH\_RP and SCH Ês/Iot according to TS 36.133\[15\] Annex B.2.1 for a
corresponding Band are fulfilled.

#### 12.3.1.3 Initiation/Cease of SLSS transmissions with GNSS as synchronization reference source

The requirements apply when GNSS is used as synchronization reference
source and when the UE is

\- out of coverage on the V2X sidelink carrier and in-coverage with a
serving cell on a non-V2X sidelink carrier, or

\- in coverage with a serving cell on a NR V2X sidelink carrier,

and when the conditions for SLSS transmissions specified in TS
38.331\[2\] are met; *networkControlledSyncTx* is not configured; and
*syncTxThreshIC* is included in *SystemInformationBlockType12* in a NR
cell.

When the conditions for SLSS transmissions specified in TS 36.331\[16\]
are met; *networkControlledSyncTx* is not configured; and
*syncTxThreshIC* is included in *SystemInformationBlockType28* in a
EUTRAN cell.

The requirements in Clause 12.3.1.1 shall apply if the serving cell is a
NR cell.

The requirements in Clause 12.3.1.2 shall apply if the serving cell is a
EUTRAN cell.

#### 12.3.1.4 Initiation/Cease of SLSS transmissions with SyncRef UE as synchronization reference source

The requirements apply when SyncRef UE is used as synchronization
reference source and when the UE is

\- in any cell selection state, or

\- out of coverage on the V2X sidelink carrier and is associated with a
serving cell on a non-V2X sidelink carrier, or

\- in coverage with a serving cell on a NR V2X sidelink carrier,

and when the conditions for SLSS transmissions specified in TS
38.331\[2\] are met and when SyncRef UE is used as synchronization
reference source and if *syncTxThreshOoC* is included in the
preconfigured V2X parameters.

The UE shall be capable of measuring the PSBCH-RSRP of the selected
SyncRef UE used as synchronization reference source and evaluate it to
initiate/cease SLSS transmissions within T~evaluate,SLSS~, as shown in
Table 12.3.1.4-1.

Table 12.3.1.4-1: T~evaluate,SLSS~ when SyncRef UE is used as
synchronization reference source

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------
  SL-DRX cycle^Note\ 1^ \[ms\]                                                                                                                                                                                                    T~evaluate,SLSS~ \[ms\]
  No SL-DRX                                                                                                                                                                                                                       4 x S-SSB periods
  SL-DRX cycle ≤ 160ms                                                                                                                                                                                                            4 x S-SSB periods
  SL-DRX cycle \> 160ms                                                                                                                                                                                                           4 x SL-DRX cycle
  Note 1: If multiple SL-DRX cycles are configured for SL UE, the SL-DRX cycle in the requirement is the shortest one. When the shortest SL-DRX cycle UE used changes, the requirements do not apply to the time of transition.   
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------

If higher layer filtering for PSBCH-RSRP measurements is pre-configured,
an additional delay in evaluation to initiate/cease SLSS transmissions
can be expected.

For the selected SyncRef UE as defined in TS 38.331 \[2\] used to derive
transmission timing for V2X sidelink communication:

\- PSBCH-RSRP related side conditions given in Clause 12.4 for a
corresponding Band are fulfilled,

\- V2X S-SSB\_RP and S-SSB Ês/Iot according to Annex B. 4 for a
corresponding Band are fulfilled.

12.4 Selection / Reselection of V2X Synchronization Reference Source
--------------------------------------------------------------------

The requirements defined in this clause do not apply to the UEs that do
not support transmission and reception of SLSS.

A SyncRef UE is considered to be detectable when

\- PSBCH-RSRP related side conditions given in Clause 10 are fulfilled
for a corresponding Band,

\- S-SSB\_RP and S-SSB Ês/Iot according to Annex B.4.3 for a
corresponding Band are fulfilled.

When GNSS synchronization reference source is configured as the highest
priority and

\- UE is synchronized to GNSS directly,

\- UE shall not drop any V2X SLSS and data transmission for the purpose
of selection/reselection to the SyncRef UE.

\- UE is synchronized to a SyncRef UE that is synchronized to GNSS
directly or in-directly,

\- UE shall not drop any V2X data transmission for the purpose of
selection/reselection to the SyncRef UE. The UE shall be able to
identify newly detectable intra-frequency SyncRef UE within
T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ seconds if the SyncRef UE meets the selection
/ reselection criterion defined in TS 38.331\[2\].
T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ is defined as 1.6 seconds at S-SSB Ês/Iot ≥ 0
dB, provided that the UE is allowed to drop a maximum of 30% of its SLSS
transmissions during T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ for the purpose of
selection / reselection to the SyncRef UE.

\- in other case

\- When UE is in non-SL-DRX

\- The UE shall be able to identify newly detectable intra-frequency
SyncRef UE within T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ seconds if the SyncRef UE
meets the selection / reselection criterion defined in TS 38.331\[2\].
T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ is defined as 8 seconds at S-SSB Ês/Iot ≥ 0
dB, provided that the UE is allowed to drop a maximum of 6 % of its V2X
data and SLSS transmissions during T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ for the
purpose of selection / reselection to the SyncRef UE.

\- UE is allowed to drop up to 2 slots of its V2X data reception per
PSBCH monitoring occasion and overall drop rate shall not exceed 0.3% of
its V2X data reception during T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ for the purpose
of selection / reselection to the SyncRef UE.

\- When UE is in SL-DRX

\- UE shall be able to identify newly detectable intra-frequency SyncRef
UE within T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ seconds if the SyncRef UE meets the
selection / reselection criterion defined in TS 38.331\[2\].
T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ is defined as 8 seconds at S-SSB Ês/Iot ≥ 0
dB, provided that the V2X UE is allowed to drop a maximum of 6 % of its
V2X data and SLSS transmissions for the purpose of selection /
reselection to the SyncRef UE.

\- UE is allowed to drop up to 2 slots of its V2X data reception per
PSBCH monitoring occasion and UE is allowed to drop at most an
aggregated window of 24ms of its V2X data reception during
T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ for the purpose of selection / reselection to
the SyncRef UE.

\- The UE is allowed to extend T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ to **max(4 x
50 SL-DRX cycle length, 8s)** when the following conditions are
satisfied over an evaluation period T~evaluate,SLSS~ **in clause
12.3.1.1 if an NR cell is used as synchronization reference source, or**
T~evaluate,SLSS~ **in clause 12.3.1.2 if an EUTRA cell is used as
synchronization reference source, or** T~evaluate,SLSS~ **in clause
12.3.1.4 if an SLSS is used as synchronization reference source.** If
multiple SL-DRX cycles are configured, the SL-DRX cycle length is the
longest one.

\- SS-RSRP is larger than *syncTxThreshOoC*.

When serving cell/PCell synchronization reference source is configured
as the highest priority,

\- When UE is in non-SL-DRX

\- UE shall be able to identify newly detectable intra-frequency SyncRef
UE within T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ seconds if the SyncRef UE meets the
selection / reselection criterion defined in TS 38.331\[2\].
T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ is defined as 8 seconds at SCH Es/Iot ≥ 0 dB,
provided that the V2X UE is allowed to drop a maximum of 6 % of its V2X
data and SLSS transmissions for the purpose of selection / reselection
to the SyncRef UE.

\- UE is allowed to drop up to 2 slots of its V2X data reception per
PSBCH monitoring occasion and overall drop rate shall not exceed 0.3% of
its V2X data reception during T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ for the purpose
of selection / reselection to the SyncRef UE.

\- When UE is in SL-DRX

\- The UE shall be able to identify newly detectable intra-frequency
SyncRef UE within T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ seconds if the SyncRef UE
meets the selection / reselection criterion defined in TS 38.331\[2\].
T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ is defined as 8 seconds at SCH Es/Iot ≥ 0 dB,
provided that the UE is allowed to drop its V2X data and SLSS
transmissions at most in an aggregated window of 480ms during
T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ for the purpose of selection / reselection to
the SyncRef UE.

\- UE is allowed to drop up to 2 slots of its V2X data reception per
PSBCH monitoring occasion and UE is allowed to drop at most an
aggregated window of 24ms of its V2X data reception during
T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ for the purpose of selection / reselection to
the SyncRef UE.

\- The UE is allowed to extend T~detect,SyncRef\ UE\_V2X~ to **max(4 x
50 SL-DRX cycle length, 8s)** when the following conditions are
satisfied over an evaluation period T~evaluate,SLSS~ **in clause
12.3.1.1 if an NR cell is used as synchronization reference source, or**
T~evaluate,SLSS~ **in clause 12.3.1.2 if an EUTRA cell is used as
synchronization reference source, or** T~evaluate,SLSS~ **in clause
12.3.1.4 if an SLSS is used as synchronization reference source.** If
multiple SL-DRX cycles are configured, the SL-DRX cycle length is the
longest one.

\- SS-RSRP is larger than *syncTxThreshOoC*.

UE shall be capable of performing PSBCH-RSRP measurements for 3
identified intra-frequency SyncRef UE with the measurement period of
T~measure,PSBCH-RSRP~ in Table 12.4-1. It is assumed that the SyncRef UE
do not drop or delay any SLSS transmission within the measurement
period. Otherwise, the measurement period may be extended.

Table 12.4-1: PSBCH-RSRP measurement period for intra-frequency SyncRef
UE

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------
  SL-DRX cycle^Note\ 1^ \[ms\]                                                              **T~measure,PSBCH-RSRP~** \[ms\]
  No SL-DRX                                                                                 320
  SL-DRX cycle ≤ 160ms                                                                      320
  SL-DRX cycle \> 160ms                                                                     2 x SL-DRX cycle
  Note 1: If multiple SL-DRX cycles are configured, the SL-DRX cycle is the shortest one.   
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------

When UE is synchronized to GNSS directly, before selection / reselection
of the new synchronization reference source UE shall evaluate the GNSS
synchronization source reliability for at least 20 seconds before
changing the synchronization reference from GNSS to another
synchronization reference source. UE shall be always synchronized to
GNSS directly during the evaluation of GNSS synchronization source
reliability.

12.5 L1 SL-RSRP measurements
----------------------------

### 12.5.1 Introduction 

This clause contains the measurement requirements related to resource
reselection and resource pre-emption of the UE capable of V2X sidelink
communication.

### 12.5.2 SL-RSRP measurements

The UE physical layer shall be capable of performing the L1 SL-RSRP
measurements on the carrier operating V2X sidelink communication for
determining the subset of resources to be excluded in PSSCH resource
selection in sidelink transmission mode 2. The L1 SL-RSRP measurement
period corresponds to one slot and the measurement shall meet the L1
SL-RSRP measurement accuracy requirement in Clause 10. After resource
(re-)selection procedure, re-evaluation is performed on the reserved
resources by L1 SL-RSRP measurements before transmission of SCI with
reservation when the conditions specified in TS 38.214\[26\] are
satisfied.

When the pre-emption mechanism is enabled for the resource pool that UE
is monitoring and selecting resource from, after UE selects from the
resource not excluded based on L1 SL-RSRP measurement procedure, the UE
shall be capable of triggering reselection of already signalled
resource(s) as a resource reservation when the conditions specified in
TS38.214\[26\] are satisfied.

When partial sensing mechanism is enabled for the resource pool that UE
is monitoring and selecting resource from, the UE shall be capable of
performing the L1 SL-RSRP measurements on the sensing periods specified
in TS38.214\[26\]. When SL-DRX is enabled, the UE shall be capable of
performing the L1 SL-RSRP measurements and select resource during SL-DRX
active time as specified in TS38.214\[26\].

12.6 Congestion Control measurements
------------------------------------

The UE shall be capable of estimating the channel busy ratio for one or
more transmission pools indicated by higher layers in TS 38.331\[2\],
based on SL-RSSI measurements provided by the physical layer.

When no sidelink transmissions occur, the UE physical layer shall
perform a single-shot SL-RSSI measurement for each sub-channel included
in all the slots configured as transmission pools.

The SL-RSSI measurement performed according to this clause shall meet
the SL-RSSI measurement accuracy requirements defined in Clause 10.

The UE shall perform channel busy ratio (CBR) measurement based on
SL-RSSI measurements as described in TS 38.215 \[4\].

12.7 Interruption
-----------------

### 12.7.1 Interruptions to WAN due to V2X Sidelink Communication 

This clause contains the requirements related to the interruptions on
the PCell/serving cell due to V2X sidelink communication.

A UE capable of V2X sidelink communication may indicate its interest
(initiation or termination) in V2X sidelink communication to the
connected gNodeB using IE *SidelinkUEInformationNR* in TS38.331\[2\].

The UE is allowed an interruption of up to the duration shown in table
12.7.1-1 on the PCell/serving cell during the RRC reconfiguration
procedure that includes the V2X sidelink communication configuration
message *SL-ConfigDedicatedNR* in TS 38.331\[2\] (setup and release).
This interruption is for both uplink and downlink of the PCell/serving
cell.

Table 12.7.1-1: Interruption length at V2X RRC reconfiguration

+------------------------+---------------------+---------------------+
| ![](./med              | NR Slot length (ms) | Interruption length |
| ia/image4.wmf){width=" |                     |                     |
| 0.16666666666666666in" |                     | (number of slots)   |
| height="0              |                     |                     |
| .16666666666666666in"} |                     |                     |
+========================+=====================+=====================+
| 0                      | 1                   | 2                   |
+------------------------+---------------------+---------------------+
| 1                      | 0.5                 | 3                   |
+------------------------+---------------------+---------------------+
| 2                      | 0.25                | 5                   |
+------------------------+---------------------+---------------------+
| 3                      | 0.125               | 9                   |
+------------------------+---------------------+---------------------+

### 12.7.2 V2X Sidelink Communication Dropping due to synchronization source change

This clause contains the requirements related to the interruptions on
the V2X sidelink communication due to synchronization source change.

For NR V2X UE not supporting gNB/eNB as synchronization reference
source, UE is allowed to drop LTE and NR V2X SL transmission or
reception for up to 1ms when synchronization source is changed, where
the drop of  LTE V2X SL transmission or reception applies only to
in-device coexistence scenario in TS38.213 \[3\]:

\- From GNSS

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to GNSS directly/in-directly

\- to syncRef UE that has the lowest priority

\- From syncRef UE that is synchronized to GNSS directly/in-directly

\- to GNSS

\- to syncRef UE that has the lowest priority

\- From syncRef UE that has the lowest priority

\- to GNSS

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to GNSS directly/in-directly

\- to syncRef UE that has the lowest priority

For NR V2X UE supporting gNB/eNB as synchronization reference source, UE
is allowed to drop LTE and NR V2X SL transmission or reception for up to
1ms when synchronization source is changed, where the drop of  LTE V2X
SL transmission or reception applies only to in-device coexistence
scenario in TS38.213 \[3\]:

\- From GNSS

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to GNSS directly/in-directly

\- to gNB/eNB

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to gNB/eNB directly

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to gNB/eNB in-directly

\- to syncRef UE that has the lowest priority

\- From syncRef UE that is synchronized to GNSS directly/in-directly

\- to GNSS

\- to gNB/eNB

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to gNB/eNB directly

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to gNB/eNB in-directly

\- to syncRef UE that has the lowest priority

\- From gNB or eNB

\- to GNSS

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to GNSS directly/in-directly

\- to eNB or gNB

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to gNB or eNB directly

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to gNB or eNB in-directly

\- to syncRef UE that has the lowest priority

\- From syncRef UE that is synchronized to gNB/eNB directly

\- to GNSS

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to GNSS directly/in-directly

\- to gNB/eNB

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to gNB/eNB directly

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to gNB/eNB in-directly

\- to syncRef UE that has the lowest priority

\- From syncRef UE that is synchronized to gNB/eNB in-directly

\- to GNSS

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to GNSS directly/in-directly

\- to gNB/eNB

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to gNB/eNB directly

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to gNB/eNB in-directly

\- to syncRef UE that has the lowest priority

\- From syncRef UE that has the lowest priority

\- to GNSS

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to GNSS directly

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to GNSS in-directly

\- to gNB/eNB

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to gNB/eNB directly

\- to syncRef UE that is synchronized to gNB/eNB in-directly

\- to syncRef UE that has the lowest priority

UE is allowed to interruption any V2X sidelink signals including PSSCH,
PSCCH, PSBCH, PSFCH and SLSS signals.

### 12.7.3 Interruptions to WAN due to switching between E-UTRA V2X Sidelink and NR V2X Sidelink 

This sub-clause contains the requirements related to the interruptions
on the PCell/serving cell due to switching between E-UTRA V2X sidelink
and NR V2X sidelink transmissions on a dedicated carrier. It is
applicable for UE capable of both NR V2X sidelink and E-UTRA V2X
sidelink transmissions in TDM-ed manner.

When a UE capable of switching between E-UTRA V2X sidelink and NR V2X
sidelink, the UE is allowed an interruption of up to the duration shown
in table 12.7.3-1 on the PCell/serving cell during the E-UTRA V2X
sidelink and NR V2X sidelink switch.

This interruption is for both uplink and downlink of the PCell/serving
cell.

Table 12.7.3-1: Interruption length due to switching between E-UTRA V2X
and NR V2X

  ![](./media/image4.wmf){width="0.16666666666666666in" height="0.16666666666666666in"}   Slot length (ms)   Interruption length (number of slots)
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ---------------------------------------
  0                                                                                       1                  2
  1                                                                                       0.5                2
  2                                                                                       0.25               2
  3                                                                                       0.125              3

### 12.7.4 Interruptions to WAN at transitions between active and non-active during SL-DRX 

Interruption on PCell/serving cell if configured due to V2X transitions
between active and non-active during SL-DRX are allowed with up to 1%
probability of missed ACK/NACK when the configured SL-DRX cycle is less
than 640 ms, and 0.625% probability of missed ACK/NACK is allowed when
the configured SL-DRX cycle is 640 ms or longer. ***When multiple SL-DRX
cycles are configured, the shortest SL-DRX cycle is applied.*** Each
interruption shall not exceed X slot as defined in table 12.7.4-1.

Table 12.7.4-1: Interruption length X at transition between active and
non-active during SL-DRX

  ![](./media/image4.wmf){width="0.16875in" height="0.16875in"}   NR Slot       Interruption length X (slots)   
  --------------------------------------------------------------- ------------- ------------------------------- -------
                                                                  length (ms)   Sync                            Async
  0                                                               1             1                               2
  1                                                               0.5           1                               2
  2                                                               0.25          3                               

For SL-DRX active to inactive state transition, when the UE is in
non-DRX or DRX on WAN and V2X is in sidelink resource allocation mode 2,
the interruptions in this clause shall not apply when one of the
following conditions is met:

\- While receiving paging,

\- While receiving system information.

In addition, for SL-DRX active to inactive state transition, when the UE
is in non-DRX or DRX on WAN and V2X is in sidelink resource allocation
mode 2 and SL DRX cycle is less than 320 ms, the interruptions in this
clause shall not apply when one of the following conditions is met:

\- T310 timer is running for RLF on PCell

\- performing candidate beam detection on PCell/serving cell as specfied
in section 8.5.5. and 8.5.6

During the U2N relay operation as defined in clause 5.8.14 \[2\], the
interruption requirements defined in this clause apply only to the
sidelink relay UE.

### 12.7.5 Interruptions to V2X sidelink at transitions between active and non-active during DRX 

Interruption on V2X sidelink if configured due to PCell transitions
between active and non-active during DRX are allowed with up to 1%
probability of missed ACK/NACK when the configured DRX cycle is less
than 640 ms, and 0.625% probability of missed ACK/NACK is allowed when
the configured DRX cycle is 640 ms or longer. It is only applied when
HARQ process on V2X sidelink is supported. Each interruption shall not
exceed X slot as defined in table 12.7.5-1.

Table 12.7.5-1: Interruption length X at transition between active and
non-active during DRX

  ![](./media/image4.wmf){width="0.16875in" height="0.16875in"}   NR V2X Slot   Interruption length X (slots)   
  --------------------------------------------------------------- ------------- ------------------------------- -------
                                                                  length (ms)   Sync                            Async
  0                                                               1             1                               2
  1                                                               0.5           1                               2
  2                                                               0.25          3                               

### 12.7.6 Interruptions to V2X sidelink due to Active BWP switching Requirement 

This clause contains the requirements related to the interruptions on
the V2X sidelink due to BWP switch in FDM based intra-band concurrent
V2X operation.

The requirements in clause 8.2.2.2.5 shall apply. The interrupted X slot
is defined in Table 12.7.6-1.

Table 12.7.6-1: Interruption length X

  ![](./media/image4.wmf){width="0.16875in" height="0.16875in"}   NR V2X Slot   Interruption length X (slots)
  --------------------------------------------------------------- ------------- -------------------------------
                                                                  length (ms)   
  0                                                               1             1
  1                                                               0.5           1
  2                                                               0.25          3

Note: No sidelink communication happens during BWP switching delay
period for TDM based intra-band concurrent operation.

### 12.7.7 Interruptions to WAN due to SyncRef UE detection and/or Sensing during SL DRX off duration 

This sub-clause contains the requirements related to the interruptions
on the PCell/serving cell due to SyncRef UE detection and/or Sensing
during SL DRX off duration.

The requirements in clause 12.7.4 shall apply.

### 12.7.8 Interruptions at NR sidelink discovery configuration

This clause contains the requirements related to the interruptions on
the PCell/serving cell due to NR sidelink discovery.

A UE capable of NR sidelink discovery may indicate its interest
(initiation or termination) in NR sidelink discovery to the connected
gNodeB using IE *SidelinkUEInformationNR* in TS38.331\[2\].

The UE is allowed an interruption of up to the duration shown in Table
12.7.8-1 on the PCell/serving cell during the RRC reconfiguration
procedure that includes the NR sidelink discovery configuration message
*sl-DiscConfig* in TS 38.331\[2\] (setup and release). This interruption
is for both uplink and downlink of the PCell/serving cell.

12.7.8-1: Interruption length at NR sidelink discovery configuration

+------------------------+---------------------+---------------------+
| ![](./med              | NR Slot length (ms) | Interruption length |
| ia/image4.wmf){width=" |                     |                     |
| 0.16666666666666666in" |                     | (number of slots)   |
| height="0              |                     |                     |
| .16666666666666666in"} |                     |                     |
+========================+=====================+=====================+
| 0                      | 1                   | 2                   |
+------------------------+---------------------+---------------------+
| 1                      | 0.5                 | 3                   |
+------------------------+---------------------+---------------------+
| 2                      | 0.25                | 5                   |
+------------------------+---------------------+---------------------+
| 3                      | 0.125               | 9                   |
+------------------------+---------------------+---------------------+

12.8 Reliability of GNSS signal
-------------------------------

This clause contains requirements regarding reliability of GNSS signal
for the UE capable of V2X sidelink communication under the following
additional condition:

\- The UE is configured or pre-configured with parameters for enabling
the UE to acquire the GNSS synchronization.

If UE considers GNSS is a reliable synchronization reference, the UE
shall meet timing accuracy requirement as specified in 12.2 and
frequency accuracy requirement as specified in 6.4E of TS38.101-1\[18\].
Otherwise, the UE shall be capable to select another synchronization
reference source.

12.9 Scheduling availability
----------------------------

### 12.9.1 Scheduling availability of UE switching between E-UTRA sidelink and NR sidelink 

This clause contains the restrictions on the scheduling availability for
V2X sidelink due to switching between E-UTRA V2X sidelink and NR V2X
sidelink transmission on a dedicated carrier. For the NR V2X sidelink,
the assumed number of configured symbols in a slot is 14.

When switch from E-UTRA V2X sidelink to NR V2X sidelink occurs in NR
slot 'n',

-   UE is not expected to transmit or receive on NR V2X sidelink on the
    > slot 'n'.

When switch from NR V2X sidelink to E-UTRA V2X sidelink occurs in NR
slot 'n-1',

-   UE is not expected to transmit or receive on NR V2X sidelink on the
    > slot 'n-1'.

When switch from NR V2X sidelink to E-UTRA V2X sidelink occurs in E-UTRA
subframe 'n',

-   UE is not expected to transmit or receive on E-UTRA V2X sidelink on
    > the subframe 'n'.

When switch from E-UTRA V2X sidelink to NR V2X sidelink occurs in E-UTRA
subframe 'n-1',

-   UE is not expected to transmit or receive E-UTRA on V2X sidelink on
    > the subframe 'n-1'.

### 12.9.2 Scheduling availability of UE switching between Uu uplink and V2X sidelink

This clause contains the restrictions on the scheduling availability for
V2X sidelink due to switching between Uu uplink and V2X sidelink. For NR
V2X sidelink, the assumed number of configured symbols in a slot is 14.

When switch from Uu uplink slot to V2X sidelink slot occurs in sidelink
slot 'n',

> \- UE is not expected to transmit or receive on V2X sidelink on the
> sidelink slot 'n'.

When switch from V2X sidelink slot to Uu uplink slot occurs in sidelink
slot 'n-1',

> \- UE is not expected to transmit or receive on V2X sidelink on the
> sidelink slot 'n-1'.

When switch from V2X sidelink slot to Uu uplink slot occurs in Uu slot
'n',

> \- UE is not expected to transmit uplink or receive downlink on the Uu
> slot 'n'.

When switch from Uu uplink slot to V2X sidelink slot occurs in Uu slot
'n-1',

\- UE is not expected to transmit uplink or receive downlink on the Uu
slot 'n-1'.

\- UE is not expected to transmit uplink or receive downlink on the Uu
slot 'n-1'.

12.10 Selection / Reselection of relay UE
-----------------------------------------

### 12.10.1 Introduction

This section contains the requirements related to selection and
reselection of relay UE.

The requirements apply for the selection and reselection of candidate
relay UEs that are transmitting relay discovery signals within the
resource pool as configured for the remote UE.

### 12.10.2 Selection / Reselection of relay UE

For a remote UE configured by upper layer for relay operation, the
remote UE shall search for candidate relay UEs for selection and/or
reselection every discovery period which is determined by resource
reservation period or SPS transmission periodicity configured by
network.

If the remote UE has a selected sidelink relay UE, then the remote UE
shall measure the SD-RSRP or SL-RSRP of the selected relay once in every
four discovery periods and evaluate if it meets the relay selection
criterion as defined in TS 38.331\[2\] (clause 5.8.15.3).

The remote UE shall measure SD-RSRP or SL-RSRP of the candidate relay
UEs every T~measure,\ SL\_Relay\_Intra~ for relay UEs that are detected
and measured according to the measurement rules.

For intra-frequency relay UEs that are detected, but that has not been
selected or reselected to, the remote UE shall be capable of evaluating
that the intra-frequency relay UE has met selection or reselection
criterion defined in TS 38.331\[2\] (clause 5.8.15.3) within
T~evaluate,\ SL\_Relay\_Intra~ as specified in table 12.10.2-1.

The minimum requirements are required to meet when the selected and
candidate relay UEs are transmitting relay discovery message every
discovery period.

Table 12.10.2-1: T~measure,\ SL\_Relay\_Intra~ and
T~evaluate,\ SL\_Relay\_Intra~

+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Discovery Period     | T~measu              | T~evaluate           |
| \[s\]                | re,SL\_Relay\_Intra~ | ,\ SL\_Relay\_Intra~ |
|                      | \[s\] (number of     | \[s\] (number of     |
|                      | discovery periods)   | discovery periods)   |
+======================+======================+======================+
| 0.04≤Discovery       | Note 1 (4)           | Note 1 (16)          |
| period≤10.24         |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+
| Note 1: Time depends |                      |                      |
| upon the discovery   |                      |                      |
| period which is      |                      |                      |
| resource reservation |                      |                      |
| period (in mode 2)   |                      |                      |
| or SPS transmission  |                      |                      |
| periodicity (in mode |                      |                      |
| 1).                  |                      |                      |
|                      |                      |                      |
| Note 2: SL-RSRP or   |                      |                      |
| SD-RSRP can be       |                      |                      |
| derived from         |                      |                      |
| PSCCH-DMRS and/or    |                      |                      |
| PSSCH-DMRS.          |                      |                      |
+----------------------+----------------------+----------------------+

13 Measurement Performance Requirements for NR gNB
==================================================

13.1 UL-RTOA
------------

### 13.1.1 Report mapping

The reporting range of UL Relative Time of Arrival (UL-RTOA), as defined
in Clause 5.2.2 of TS 38.215 \[4\], is defined from **-985024T~c~ to
+985024×T~c~**. The reporting resolution is **uniform across the
reporting range and is defined as T = T~c~\*2^k^** where **k is selected
by gNB from the set {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5}.**

> T~c~ is defined in TS 38.211 \[6\].

LMF provides a recommended resolution parameter,
*timingReportingGranularityFactor* \[35\]. gNB selects parameter k based
on *timingReportingGranularityFactor* \[35\] and informs the LMF.

The mapping of measured quantity for each reporting resolution (k) is
defined in Table 13.1.1-1 to Table 13.1.1-6.

Table 13.1.1-1: UL-RTOA measurement report mapping for reporting
resolution of **T~c~** (k=0)

  ------------------- ------------------------------- ------
  Reported Value      Measured Quantity Value         Unit
  UL\_RTOA\_0000      -985024 \> UL\_RTOA             T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_0001      -985024 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -985023   T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_0002      -985023 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -985022   T~c~
  ...                 ...                             ...
  UL\_RTOA\_985023    -2 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -1             T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_985024    -1 ≤ UL\_RTOA ≤ 0               T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_985025    0 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 1               T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_985026    1 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 2               T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_985027    2 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 3               T~c~
  ...                 ...                             ...
  UL\_RTOA\_1970048   985023 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 985024     T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_1970049   985024 \< UL\_RTOA              T~c~
  ------------------- ------------------------------- ------

Table 13.1.1-2: UL-RTOA measurement report mapping for reporting
resolution of 2**T~c~** (k=1)

  ------------------ ------------------------------- ------
  Reported Value     Measured Quantity Value         Unit
  UL\_RTOA\_0000     -985024 \> UL\_RTOA             T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_0001     -985024 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -985022   T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_0002     -985022 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -985020   T~c~
  ...                ...                             ...
  UL\_RTOA\_492511   -4 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -2             T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_492512   -2 ≤ UL\_RTOA ≤ 0               T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_492513   0 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 2               T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_492514   2 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 4               T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_492515   4 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 6               T~c~
  ...                ...                             ...
  UL\_RTOA\_985024   985022 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 985024     T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_985025   985024 \< UL\_RTOA              T~c~
  ------------------ ------------------------------- ------

Table 13.1.1-3: UL-RTOA measurement report mapping for reporting
resolution of 4**T~c~** (k=2)

  ------------------ ------------------------------- ------
  Reported Value     Measured Quantity Value         Unit
  UL\_RTOA\_0000     -985024 \> UL\_RTOA             T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_0001     -985024 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -985020   T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_0002     -985020 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -985018   T~c~
  ...                ...                             ...
  UL\_RTOA\_246255   -8 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -4             T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_246256   -4 ≤ UL\_RTOA ≤ 0               T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_246257   0 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 4               T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_246258   4 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 8               T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_246259   8 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 12              T~c~
  ...                ...                             ...
  UL\_RTOA\_492512   985020 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 985024     T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_492513   985024 \< UL\_RTOA              T~c~
  ------------------ ------------------------------- ------

Table 13.1.1-4: UL-RTOA measurement report mapping for reporting
resolution of 8**T~c~** (k=3)

  ------------------ ------------------------------- ------
  Reported Value     Measured Quantity Value         Unit
  UL\_RTOA\_0000     -985024 \> UL\_RTOA             T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_0001     -985024 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -985016   T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_0002     -985016 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -985008   T~c~
  ...                ...                             ...
  UL\_RTOA\_123127   -16 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -8            T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_123128   -8 ≤ UL\_RTOA ≤ 0               T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_123129   0 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 8               T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_123130   8 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 16              T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_123131   16 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 24             T~c~
  ...                ...                             ...
  UL\_RTOA\_246256   985016 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 985024     T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_246257   985024 \< UL\_RTOA              T~c~
  ------------------ ------------------------------- ------

Table 13.1.1-5: UL-RTOA measurement report mapping for reporting
resolution of 16**T~c~** (k=4)

  ------------------ ------------------------------- ------
  Reported Value     Measured Quantity Value         Unit
  UL\_RTOA\_0000     -985024 \> UL\_RTOA             T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_0001     -985024 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -985008   T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_0002     -985008 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -984992   T~c~
  ...                ...                             ...
  UL\_RTOA\_61563    -32 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -16           T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_61564    -16 ≤ UL\_RTOA ≤ 0              T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_61565    0 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 16              T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_61566    16 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 32             T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_61567    32 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 48             T~c~
  ...                ...                             ...
  UL\_RTOA\_123128   985008 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 985024     T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_123129   985024 \< UL\_RTOA              T~c~
  ------------------ ------------------------------- ------

Table 13.1.1-6: UL-RTOA measurement report mapping for reporting
resolution of 32**T~c~** (k=5)

  ----------------- ------------------------------- ------
  Reported Value    Measured Quantity Value         Unit
  UL\_RTOA\_0000    -985024 \> UL\_RTOA             T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_0001    -985024 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -984992   T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_0002    -984992 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -984960   T~c~
  ...               ...                             ...
  UL\_RTOA\_30781   -64 ≤ UL\_RTOA \< -32           T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_30782   -32 ≤ UL\_RTOA ≤ 0              T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_30783   0 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 32              T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_30784   32 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 64             T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_30785   64 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 96             T~c~
  ...               ...                             ...
  UL\_RTOA\_61564   984992 \< UL\_RTOA ≤ 985024     T~c~
  UL\_RTOA\_61565   985024 \< UL\_RTOA              T~c~
  ----------------- ------------------------------- ------

### 13.1.1A Additional Path Report Mapping for UL-RTOA

The reporting range of additional path reporting for UL Relative Time of
Arrival (UL-RTOA), as defined in Clause 5.2.2 of TS 38.215 \[4\], is
defined from **-8175×T~c~ to +8175×T~c~**. The reporting resolution is
**uniform across the reporting range and is defined as T = T~c~\*2^k^**
where **k is selected by gNB from the set {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5}.**

> T~c~ is defined in TS 38.211 \[6\].

LMF provides a recommended resolution parameter,
*timingReportingGranularityFactor* \[35\]. gNB selects parameter k based
on *timingReportingGranularityFactor* \[35\] and informs the LMF.

The mapping of measured quantity for each reporting resolution (k) is
defined in Table 13.1.1A-1 to Table 13.1.1A-6.

Table 13.1.1A-1: UL-RTOA measurement report mapping for resolution of Tc
(k=0)

+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| Reported Quantity Value, | Measured Quantity Value, | Unit |
|                          |                          |      |
| path\_i                  | ∆path                    |      |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
|                          |                          |      |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_00000              | ∆path \< -8175           | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_00001              | -8175 ≤ ∆path \< -8174   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_00002              | -8174 ≤ ∆path \< -8173   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_08175              | -1 ≤ ∆path \< 0          | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_08176              | 0 ≤ ∆path \< 1           | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_ 16349             | 8173 ≤ ∆path \< 8174     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_ 16350             | 8174 ≤ ∆path \< 8175     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_ 16351             | 8175 ≤ ∆path             | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+

Table 13.1.1A-2: UL-RTOA measurement report mapping for resolution of
2Tc (k=1)

+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| Reported Quantity Value, | Measured Quantity Value, | Unit |
|                          |                          |      |
| path\_i                  | ∆path                    |      |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0000               | ∆path \< -8175           | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0001               | -8175 ≤ ∆path \< -8173   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0002               | -8173 ≤ ∆path \< -8171   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_4088               | -1 ≤ ∆path \< 1          | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**8174**           | 8171 ≤ ∆path \< 8173     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**8175**           | 8173 ≤ ∆path \< 8175     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**8176**           | 8175 ≤ ∆path             | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+

Table 13.1.1A-3: UL-RTOA measurement report mapping for resolution of
4Tc (k=2)

+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| Reported Quantity Value, | Measured Quantity Value, | Unit |
|                          |                          |      |
| path\_i                  | ∆path                    |      |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0000               | ∆path \< -8174           | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0001               | -8174 ≤ ∆path \< -8170   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0002               | -8170 ≤ ∆path \< -8166   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_2044               | -2 ≤ ∆path \< 2          | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**4086**           | 8166 ≤ ∆path \< 8170     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**4087**           | 8170 ≤ ∆path \< 8174     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**4088**           | 8174 ≤ ∆path             | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+

Table 13.1.1A-4: UL-RTOA measurement report mapping for resolution of
8Tc (k=3)

+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| Reported Quantity Value, | Measured Quantity Value, | Unit |
|                          |                          |      |
| path\_i                  | ∆path                    |      |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0000               | ∆path \< -8172           | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0001               | -8172 ≤ ∆path \< -8164   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0002               | -8164 ≤ ∆path \< -8156   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_1022               | -4 ≤ ∆path \< 4          | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**2042**           | 8156 ≤ ∆path \< 8164     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**2043**           | 8164 ≤ ∆path \< 8172     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**2044**           | 8172 ≤ ∆path             | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+

Table 13.1.1A -5: UL-RTOA measurement report mapping for resolution of
16Tc (k=4)

+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| Reported Quantity Value, | Measured Quantity Value, | Unit |
|                          |                          |      |
| path\_i                  | ∆path                    |      |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0000               | ∆path \< -8168           | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0001               | -8168 ≤ ∆path \< -8152   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0002               | -8152 ≤ ∆path \< -8136   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_511                | -8 ≤ ∆path \< 8          | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**1020**           | 8136 ≤ ∆path \< 8152     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**1021**           | 8152 ≤ ∆path \< 8168     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**1022**           | 8168 ≤ ∆path             | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+

Table 13.1.1A-6: UL-RTOA measurement report mapping for resolution of
32Tc (k=5)

+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| Reported Quantity Value, | Measured Quantity Value, | Unit |
|                          |                          |      |
| path\_i                  | ∆path                    |      |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_000                | ∆path \< -8160           | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_001                | -8160 ≤ ∆path \< -8128   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_002                | -8128 ≤ ∆path \< -8096   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_256                | 0 ≤ ∆path \< 32          | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**509**            | 8096 ≤ ∆path \< 8128     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**510**            | 8128 ≤ ∆path \< 8160     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**511**            | 8160 ≤ ∆path             | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+

13.2 gNB Rx-Tx time difference
------------------------------

### 13.2.1 Report mapping

The reporting range of gNB Rx-Tx time difference, as defined in Clause
5.2.3 of TS 38.215 \[4\], is defined from **-985024T~c~ to
+985024×T~c~**. The reporting resolution is **uniform across the
reporting range and is defined as T = T~c~\*2^k^** where **k is selected
by gNB from the set {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5}.**

T~c~ is defined in TS 38.211 \[6\].

LMF provides a recommended resolution parameter,
*timingReportingGranularityFactor* \[35\]. gNB selects parameter k based
on *timingReportingGranularityFactor* \[35\] and informs the LMF.

The mapping of measured quantity for each reporting resolution (k) is
defined in Table 13.2.1-1 to Table 13.2.1-6.

Table 13.2.1-1: gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement report mapping for
reporting resolution of **T~c~** (k=0)

  ---------------- ---------------------------- ------
  Reported Value   Measured Quantity Value      Unit
  RX-TX\_0000      -985024 \> RX-TX             T~c~
  RX-TX\_0001      -985024 ≤ RX-TX \< -985023   T~c~
  RX-TX\_0002      -985023 ≤ RX-TX \< -985022   T~c~
  ...              ...                          ...
  RX-TX\_985023    -2 ≤ RX-TX \< -1             T~c~
  RX-TX\_985024    -1 ≤ RX-TX ≤ 0               T~c~
  RX-TX\_985025    0 \< RX-TX ≤ 1               T~c~
  RX-TX\_985026    1 \< RX-TX ≤ 2               T~c~
  RX-TX\_985027    2 \< RX-TX ≤ 3               T~c~
  ...              ...                          ...
  RX-TX\_1970048   985023 \< RX-TX ≤ 985024     T~c~
  RX-TX\_1970049   985024 \< RX-TX              T~c~
  ---------------- ---------------------------- ------

Table 13.2.1-2: gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement report mapping for
reporting resolution of 2**T~c~** (k=1)

  ---------------- ---------------------------- ------
  Reported Value   Measured Quantity Value      Unit
  RX-TX\_0000      -985024 \> RX-TX             T~c~
  RX-TX\_0001      -985024 ≤ RX-TX \< -985022   T~c~
  RX-TX\_0002      -985022 ≤ RX-TX \< -985020   T~c~
  ...              ...                          ...
  RX-TX\_492511    -4 ≤ RX-TX \< -2             T~c~
  RX-TX\_492512    -2 ≤ RX-TX ≤ 0               T~c~
  RX-TX\_492513    0 \< RX-TX ≤ 2               T~c~
  RX-TX\_492514    2 \< RX-TX ≤ 4               T~c~
  RX-TX\_492515    4 \< RX-TX ≤ 6               T~c~
  ...              ...                          ...
  RX-TX\_985024    985022 \< RX-TX ≤ 985024     T~c~
  RX-TX\_985025    985024 \< RX-TX              T~c~
  ---------------- ---------------------------- ------

Table 13.2.1-3: gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement report mapping for
reporting resolution of 4**T~c~** (k=2)

  ---------------- ---------------------------- ------
  Reported Value   Measured Quantity Value      Unit
  RX-TX\_0000      -985024 \> RX-TX             T~c~
  RX-TX\_0001      -985024 ≤ RX-TX \< -985020   T~c~
  RX-TX\_0002      -985020 ≤ RX-TX \< -985018   T~c~
  ...              ...                          ...
  RX-TX\_246255    -8 ≤ RX-TX \< -4             T~c~
  RX-TX\_246256    -4 ≤ RX-TX ≤ 0               T~c~
  RX-TX\_246257    0 \< RX-TX ≤ 4               T~c~
  RX-TX\_246258    4 \< RX-TX ≤ 8               T~c~
  RX-TX\_246259    8 \< RX-TX ≤ 12              T~c~
  ...              ...                          ...
  RX-TX\_492512    985020 \< RX-TX ≤ 985024     T~c~
  RX-TX\_492513    985024 \< RX-TX              T~c~
  ---------------- ---------------------------- ------

Table 13.2.1-4: gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement report mapping for
reporting resolution of 8**T~c~** (k=3)

  ---------------- ---------------------------- ------
  Reported Value   Measured Quantity Value      Unit
  RX-TX\_0000      -985024 \> RX-TX             T~c~
  RX-TX\_0001      -985024 ≤ RX-TX \< -985016   T~c~
  RX-TX\_0002      -985016 ≤ RX-TX \< -985008   T~c~
  ...              ...                          ...
  RX-TX\_123127    -16 ≤ RX-TX \< -8            T~c~
  RX-TX\_123128    -8 ≤ RX-TX ≤ 0               T~c~
  RX-TX\_123129    0 \< RX-TX ≤ 8               T~c~
  RX-TX\_123130    8 \< RX-TX ≤ 16              T~c~
  RX-TX\_123131    16 \< RX-TX ≤ 24             T~c~
  ...              ...                          ...
  RX-TX\_246256    985016 \< RX-TX ≤ 985024     T~c~
  RX-TX\_246257    985024 \< RX-TX              T~c~
  ---------------- ---------------------------- ------

Table 13.2.1-5: gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement report mapping for
reporting resolution of 16**T~c~** (k=4)

  ---------------- ---------------------------- ------
  Reported Value   Measured Quantity Value      Unit
  RX-TX\_0000      -985024 \> RX-TX             T~c~
  RX-TX\_0001      -985024 ≤ RX-TX \< -985008   T~c~
  RX-TX\_0002      -985008 ≤ RX-TX \< -984992   T~c~
  ...              ...                          ...
  RX-TX\_61563     -32 ≤ RX-TX \< -16           T~c~
  RX-TX\_61564     -16 ≤ RX-TX ≤ 0              T~c~
  RX-TX\_61565     0 \< RX-TX ≤ 16              T~c~
  RX-TX\_61566     16 \< RX-TX ≤ 32             T~c~
  RX-TX\_61567     32 \< RX-TX ≤ 48             T~c~
  ...              ...                          ...
  RX-TX\_123128    985008 \< RX-TX ≤ 985024     T~c~
  RX-TX\_123129    985024 \< RX-TX              T~c~
  ---------------- ---------------------------- ------

Table 13.2.1-5: gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement report mapping for
reporting resolution of 32**T~c~** (k=5)

  ---------------- ---------------------------- ------
  Reported Value   Measured Quantity Value      Unit
  RX-TX\_0000      -985024 \> RX-TX             T~c~
  RX-TX\_0001      -985024 ≤ RX-TX \< -984992   T~c~
  RX-TX\_0002      -984992 ≤ RX-TX \< -984960   T~c~
  ...              ...                          ...
  RX-TX\_30781     -64 ≤ RX-TX \< -32           T~c~
  RX-TX\_30782     -32 ≤ RX-TX ≤ 0              T~c~
  RX-TX\_30783     0 \< RX-TX ≤ 32              T~c~
  RX-TX\_30784     32 \< RX-TX ≤ 64             T~c~
  RX-TX\_30785     64 \< RX-TX ≤ 96             T~c~
  ...              ...                          ...
  RX-TX\_61564     984992 \< RX-TX ≤ 985024     T~c~
  RX-TX\_61565     985024 \< RX-TX              T~c~
  ---------------- ---------------------------- ------

### 13.2.1A Additional Path Report Mapping for gNB Rx-Tx

The reporting range of additional path for gNB Rx-Tx time difference, as
defined in Clause 5.2.3 of TS 38.215 \[4\], is defined from -8175×T~c~
to 8175×T~c~. The reporting resolution is **uniform across the reporting
range and is defined as T = T~c~\*2^k^** where **k is selected by gNB
from the set {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5}.**

T~c~ is defined in TS 38.211 \[6\].

LMF provides a recommended resolution parameter,
*timingReportingGranularityFactor* \[35\]. gNB selects parameter k based
on *timingReportingGranularityFactor* \[35\] and informs the LMF.

The mapping of measured quantity for each reporting resolution (k) is
defined in Table 13.2.1A-1 to Table 13.2.1A-6.

Table 13.2.1A-1: gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement report mapping
for reporting resolution of **T~c\ ~**(k=0)

+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| Reported Quantity Value, | Measured Quantity Value, | Unit |
|                          |                          |      |
| path\_i                  | ∆path                    |      |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
|                          |                          |      |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_00000              | ∆path \< -8175           | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_00001              | -8175 ≤ ∆path \< -8174   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_00002              | -8174 ≤ ∆path \< -8173   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_08175              | -1 ≤ ∆path \< 0          | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_08176              | 0 ≤ ∆path \< 1           | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_ 16349             | 8173 ≤ ∆path \< 8174     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_ 16350             | 8174 ≤ ∆path \< 8175     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_ 16351             | 8175 ≤ ∆path             | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+

Table 13.2.1A-2: gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement report mapping
for reporting resolution of 2**T~c~** (k=1)

+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| Reported Quantity Value, | Measured Quantity Value, | Unit |
|                          |                          |      |
| path\_i                  | ∆path                    |      |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0000               | ∆path \< -8175           | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0001               | -8175 ≤ ∆path \< -8173   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0002               | -8173 ≤ ∆path \< -8171   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_4088               | -1 ≤ ∆path \< 1          | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**8174**           | 8171 ≤ ∆path \< 8173     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**8175**           | 8173 ≤ ∆path \< 8175     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**8176**           | 8175 ≤ ∆path             | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+

Table 13.2.1A-3: gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement report mapping
for reporting resolution of 4**T~c~** (k=2)

+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| Reported Quantity Value, | Measured Quantity Value, | Unit |
|                          |                          |      |
| path\_i                  | ∆path                    |      |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0000               | ∆path \< -8174           | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0001               | -8174 ≤ ∆path \< -8170   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0002               | -8170 ≤ ∆path \< -8166   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_2044               | -2 ≤ ∆path \< 2          | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**4086**           | 8166 ≤ ∆path \< 8170     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**4087**           | 8170 ≤ ∆path \< 8174     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**4088**           | 8174 ≤ ∆path             | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+

Table 13.2.1A-4: gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement report mapping
for reporting resolution of 8**T~c~** (k=3)

+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| Reported Quantity Value, | Measured Quantity Value, | Unit |
|                          |                          |      |
| path\_i                  | ∆path                    |      |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0000               | ∆path \< -8172           | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0001               | -8172 ≤ ∆path \< -8164   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0002               | -8164 ≤ ∆path \< -8156   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_1022               | -4 ≤ ∆path \< 4          | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**2042**           | 8156 ≤ ∆path \< 8164     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**2043**           | 8164 ≤ ∆path \< 8172     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**2044**           | 8172 ≤ ∆path             | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+

Table 13.2.1A-5: gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement report mapping
for reporting resolution of 16**T~c~** (k=4)

+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| Reported Quantity Value, | Measured Quantity Value, | Unit |
|                          |                          |      |
| path\_i                  | ∆path                    |      |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0000               | ∆path \< -8168           | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0001               | -8168 ≤ ∆path \< -8152   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_0002               | -8152 ≤ ∆path \< -8136   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_511                | -8 ≤ ∆path \< 8          | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**1020**           | 8136 ≤ ∆path \< 8152     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**1021**           | 8152 ≤ ∆path \< 8168     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**1022**           | 8168 ≤ ∆path             | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+

Table 13.2.1A-6: gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement report mapping
for reporting resolution of 32**T~c~** (k=5)

+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| Reported Quantity Value, | Measured Quantity Value, | Unit |
|                          |                          |      |
| path\_i                  | ∆path                    |      |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_000                | ∆path \< -8160           | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_001                | -8160 ≤ ∆path \< -8128   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_002                | -8128 ≤ ∆path \< -8096   | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_256                | 0 ≤ ∆path \< 32          | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| ...                      | ...                      | ...  |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**509**            | 8096 ≤ ∆path \< 8128     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**510**            | 8128 ≤ ∆path \< 8160     | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+
| path\_**511**            | 8160 ≤ ∆path             | T~c~ |
+--------------------------+--------------------------+------+

### 13.2.2 Measurement Accuracy Requirements

#### 13.2.2.1 Introduction

This clause defines accuracy requirements for gNB Rx-Tx time difference
measurement in FR1 and FR2. The requirements are applicable for gNB
supporting gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement. The gNB, which
declares the support for gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement also
declares that it meets gNB Rx-Tx time difference accuracy requirements
at least for one side condition Ês/Iot ≥ +3 dB or Ês/Iot ≥ -13 dB.

13.2.2.2 Requirements

The accuracy requirements for gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement
shall be within ±(X+Y) T~c~ under the following conditions:

\- AWGN propagation conditions.

\- The measured signals are in the directions covered by RoAoA of OTA
reference sensitivity requirements for gNB type 1-O and 2-O BS

where

\- X is defined in Table 13.2.2.2-1 for gNB types 1-C, 1-H and 1-O and
in Table 13.2.2.2-2 for gNB type 2-O.

\- Y is declared by manufacturer and can be different for different gNB
types 1-C, 1-H, 1-O and 2-O.

Note: The measurement accuracy requirements in Table 13.2.2.2-1 and
Table 13.2.2.2-2 are defined under an assumption that gNB is not
mandated to perform receive beam sweeping.

Table 13.2.2.2-1: gNB Rx-Tx time difference absolute accuracy in FR1 for
gNB type 1-C, 1-H and 1-O

  Accuracy   SRS Ês/Iot   SCS         SRS bandwidth range
  ---------- ------------ ----------- ---------------------
  Unit: Tc   Unit: dB     Unit: kHz   Unit: RB
  123        ≥ -13        15          44 ≤ BW ≤ 84
  48                                  88 ≤ BW ≤ 168
  17                                  176 ≤ BW
  122        ≥ +3                     24 ≤ BW ≤ 40
  62                                  44 ≤ BW ≤ 84
  32                                  88 ≤ BW ≤ 168
  16                                  176 ≤ BW
  42         ≥ -13        30          48 ≤ BW ≤ 84
  24                                  88 ≤ BW ≤ 168
  8                                   176 ≤ BW
  32         ≥ +3                     48 ≤ BW ≤ 84
  17                                  88 ≤ BW ≤ 168
  9                                   176 ≤ BW
  21         ≥ -13        60          48 ≤ BW ≤ 84
  12                                  88 ≤ BW
  16         ≥ +3                     48 ≤ BW ≤ 84
  9                                   88 ≤ BW

Table 13.2.2.2-2: gNB Rx-Tx time difference absolute accuracy in FR2 for
gNB type 2-O

  Accuracy   SRS Ês/Iot   SCS         SRS bandwidth range
  ---------- ------------ ----------- ---------------------
  Unit: Tc   Unit: dB     Unit: kHz   Unit: RB
  9          ≥ -13        60          132 ≤ BW ≤ 168
  8                                   176 ≤ BW
  9          ≥ +3                     132 ≤ BW ≤ 168
  8                                   176 ≤ BW
  22         ≥ -13        120         32 ≤ BW ≤ 40
  15                                  44 ≤ BW ≤ 84
  8                                   88 ≤ BW
  16         ≥ +3                     32 ≤ BW ≤ 40
  9                                   44 ≤ BW ≤ 84
  8                                   88 ≤ BW

13.3 UL SRS RSRP measurement
----------------------------

### 13.3.1 Report mapping

The reporting range of UL SRS RSRP, as defined in clause 5.2.5 of 38.215
\[4\], is defined from -156dBm to -31dBm with resolution 1dB.

The mapping of measured quantity is defined in Table 13.3.1-1. The range
in the signalling may be larger than the guaranteed accuracy range.

Table 13.3.1-1: UL SRS RSRP report mapping

  Reported value   Measured quantity value   Unit
  ---------------- ------------------------- ------
  SRS\_RSRP\_0     SRS-RSRP\<-156            dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_1     -156≤SRS-RSRP\<-155       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_2     -155≤SRS-RSRP\<-154       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_3     -154≤SRS-RSRP\<-153       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_4     -153≤SRS-RSRP\<-152       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_5     -152≤SRS-RSRP\<-151       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_6     -151≤SRS-RSRP\<-150       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_7     -150≤SRS-RSRP\<-149       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_8     -149≤SRS-RSRP\<-148       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_9     -148≤SRS-RSRP\<-147       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_10    -147≤SRS-RSRP\<-146       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_11    -146≤SRS-RSRP\<-145       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_12    -145≤SRS-RSRP\<-144       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_13    -144≤SRS-RSRP\<-143       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_14    -143≤SRS-RSRP\<-142       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_15    -142≤SRS-RSRP\<-141       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_16    -141≤SRS-RSRP\<-140       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_17    -140≤SRS-RSRP\<-139       dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_18    -139≤SRS-RSRP\<-138       dBm
  ...              ...                       ...
  SRS\_RSRP\_111   -46≤SRS-RSRP\<-45         dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_112   -45≤SRS-RSRP\<-44         dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_113   -44≤SRS-RSRP\<-43         dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_114   -43≤SRS-RSRP\<-42         dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_115   -42≤SRS-RSRP\<-41         dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_116   -41≤SRS-RSRP\<-40         dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_117   -40≤SRS-RSRP\<-39         dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_118   -39≤SRS-RSRP\<-38         dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_119   -38≤SRS-RSRP\<-37         dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_120   -37≤SRS-RSRP\<-36         dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_121   -36≤SRS-RSRP\<-35         dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_122   -35≤SRS-RSRP\<-34         dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_123   -34≤SRS-RSRP\<-33         dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_124   -33≤SRS-RSRP\<-32         dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_125   -32≤SRS-RSRP\<-31         dBm
  SRS\_RSRP\_126   -31≤SRS-RSRP              dBm

### 13.3.2 Measurement accuracy requirements

#### 13.3.2.1 Introduction

This clause defines accuracy requirements for SRS-RSRP measurement in
FR1 and FR2. The requirements are applicable for gNB supporting SRS-RSRP
measurement. The gNB, which declares the support for SRS-RSRP
measurement also declares that it meets SRS-RSRP accuracy requirements
at least for one side condition Ês/Iot ≥ +3 dB or Ês/Iot ≥ -13 dB.

#### 13.3.2.2 Requirements

The accuracy requirements in Table 13.3.2.2-1, Table 13.3.2.2-2 and
Table 13.3.2.2-3 are valid under the following conditions:

\- AWGN propagation conditions.

\- The measured signals are in the directions covered by RoAoA of OTA
reference sensitivity requirements for gNB type 1-O and 2-O BS

Note: The measurement accuracy requirements in Table 13.3.2.2-1, Table
13.3.2.2-2 and Table 13.3.2.2-3 are defined under an assumption that gNB
is not mandated to perform receive beam sweeping.

Table 13.3.2.2-1 gNB SRS-RSRP absolute accuracy requirements in FR1 for
gNB type 1-C

  Accuracy   Conditions     
  ---------- -------------- ---------------------
             SRS Ês/Iot     SRS bandwidth range
                            
  dB         dB             RB
  ±4         Ês/Iot ≥ +3    24 ≤ BW \< 48
  ±4                        48 ≤ BW \< 132
  ±4                        132 ≤ BW
  ±6.5       Ês/Iot ≥ -13   48 ≤ BW \< 132
  ±5.5                      132 ≤ BW

Table 13.3.2.2-2 gNB SRS-RSRP absolute accuracy requirements in FR1 for
gNB type 1-H and 1-O

  Accuracy   Conditions     
  ---------- -------------- ---------------------
             SRS Ês/Iot     SRS bandwidth range
                            
  dB         dB             RB
  ±5.5       Ês/Iot ≥ +3    24 ≤ BW \< 48
  ±5.5                      48 ≤ BW \< 132
  ±5.5                      132 ≤ BW
  ±8         Ês/Iot ≥ -13   48 ≤ BW \< 132
  ±7                        132 ≤ BW

Table 13.3.2.2-3 gNB SRS-RSRP absolute accuracy requirements in FR2 for
gNB type 2-O

  Accuracy   Conditions     
  ---------- -------------- ---------------------
             SRS Ês/Iot     SRS bandwidth range
                            
  dB         dB             RB
  ±5.5       Ês/Iot ≥ +3    32 ≤ BW \< 64
  ±5.5                      64 ≤ BW \< 132
  ±5.5                      132 ≤ BW
  ±8         Ês/Iot ≥ -13   64 ≤ BW \< 132
  ±7                        132 ≤ BW

### 13.4 AoA/ZoA

### 13.4.1 Report mapping

The reporting range of UL Angle of Arrival (UL-AoA), as defined in
Clause 5.2.4 of TS 38.215 \[4\], is defined from **-180 degree to +180
degree for** azimuth angle of arrival (A-AoA). The reporting resolution
is **0.1 degree.**

The reporting range of UL Angle of Arrival, as defined in Clause 5.2.4
of TS 38.215 \[4\], is defined from **0 degree to +180 degree for zenith
angle of arrival** (Z-AoA). The reporting resolution is **0.1 degree.**

The mapping of A-AoA measured quantity is defined in Table 13.4.1-1. The
mapping of Z-AoA measured quantity is defined in Table 13.4.1-2.

Table 13.4.1-1: Azimuth Angle of Arrival (A-AoA) measurement report
mapping

  Reported value   Measured quantity value (AoA)   Unit
  ---------------- ------------------------------- --------
  A-AoA\_0         -180 ≤ A-AoA \< -179.9          degree
  A-AoA\_1         -179.9 ≤ A-AoA \< -179.8        degree
  A-AoA\_2         -179.8 ≤ A-AoA \< -179.7        degree
  ...              ...                             ...
  A-AoA\_1798      -0.2 ≤ A-AoA \< -0.1            degree
  A-AoA\_1799      -0.1 ≤ A-AoA \< 0               degree
  A-AoA\_1800      0 ≤ A-AoA \< 0.1                degree
  A-AoA\_1801      0.1 ≤ A-AoA \< 0.2              degree
  A-AoA\_1802      0.2 ≤ A-AoA \< 0.3              degree
  ...              ...                             ...
  A-AoA\_3598      179.8 ≤ A-AoA \< 179.9          degree
  A-AoA\_3599      179.9 ≤ A-AoA \< 180            degree

Table 13.4.1-2: Zenith Angle of Arrival (Z-AoA) measurement report
mapping

  Reported value   Measured quantity value (ZoA)   Unit
  ---------------- ------------------------------- --------
  Z-AoA\_0         0 ≤ Z-AoA \< 0.1                degree
  Z-AoA \_1        0.1 ≤ Z-AoA \< 0.2              degree
  Z-AoA \_2        0.2 ≤ Z-AoA \< 0.3              degree
  ...              ...                             ...
  Z-AoA \_1798     179.8 ≤ Z-AoA \< 179.9          degree
  Z-AoA \_1799     179.9 ≤ Z-AoA ≤ 180             degree

13.5 Timing advance (T~ADV~)
----------------------------

### 13.5.1 Report mapping

The reporting range of T~ADV~, as defined in Clause 5.2.7 of TS 38.215
\[4\], is defined from 0 to 3150848 **T~c~** with 128 **T~c~**
resolution for timing advance less than 262144 **T~c~**, and 512 T~c~
for timing advance greater than or equal to 262144 **T~c~**.

T~c~ is defined in TS 38.211 \[6\].

The mapping of measured quantity is defined in Table 13.5.1-1.

Table 13.5.1-1: T~ADV~ measurement report mapping

  --------------------- ----------------------------- ------
  Reported value        Measured quantity value       Unit
  TIME\_ADVANCE\_00     T~ADV~ \< 128                 T~c~
  TIME\_ADVANCE\_01     128 ≤ T~ADV~ \< 256           T~c~
  TIME\_ADVANCE\_02     256 ≤ T~ADV~ \< 384           T~c~
  ...                   ...                           ...
  TIME\_ADVANCE\_2046   261888 ≤ T~ADV~ \< 262016     T~c~
  TIME\_ADVANCE\_2047   262016 ≤ T~ADV~ \< 262144     T~c~
  TIME\_ADVANCE\_2048   262144 ≤ T~ADV~ \< 262656     T~c~
  TIME\_ADVANCE\_2049   262656 ≤ T~ADV~ \< 263168     T~c~
  ...                   ...                           ...
  TIME\_ADVANCE\_7688   3149824 ≤ T~ADV~ \< 3150336   T~c~
  TIME\_ADVANCE\_7689   3150336 ≤ T~ADV~ \< 3150848   T~c~
  TIME\_ADVANCE\_7690   3150848 ≤ T~ADV~              T~c~
  --------------------- ----------------------------- ------

NOTE: For report mapping, T~ADV~ is equal to (gNB Rx -- Tx time
difference) + N~TA\_offset~, where N~TA\_offset~ is based on the
information *n-TimingAdvanceOffset* as specified in TS 38.331 \[2\].

13.6 UL SRS RSRPP measurement
-----------------------------

### 13.6.1 Report mapping

The reporting range of UL SRS RSRPP, as defined in clause 5.2.5 of
38.215 \[4\], is defined from -156dBm to -31dBm with resolution 1dB.

The mapping of measured quantity is defined in Table 13.6.1-1. The range
in the signalling may be larger than the guaranteed accuracy range.

Table 13.6.1-1: UL SRS RSRPP report mapping

  Reported value    Measured quantity value   Unit
  ----------------- ------------------------- ------
  SRS\_RSRPP\_0     SRS-RSRPP\<-156           dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_1     -156≤SRS-RSRPP\<-155      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_2     -155≤SRS-RSRPP\<-154      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_3     -154≤SRS-RSRPP\<-153      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_4     -153≤SRS-RSRPP\<-152      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_5     -152≤SRS-RSRPP\<-151      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_6     -151≤SRS-RSRPP\<-150      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_7     -150≤SRS-RSRPP\<-149      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_8     -149≤SRS-RSRPP\<-148      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_9     -148≤SRS-RSRPP\<-147      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_10    -147≤SRS-RSRPP\<-146      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_11    -146≤SRS-RSRPP\<-145      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_12    -145≤SRS-RSRPP\<-144      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_13    -144≤SRS-RSRPP\<-143      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_14    -143≤SRS-RSRPP\<-142      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_15    -142≤SRS-RSRPP\<-141      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_16    -141≤SRS-RSRPP\<-140      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_17    -140≤SRS-RSRPP\<-139      dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_18    -139≤SRS-RSRPP\<-138      dBm
  ...               ...                       ...
  SRS\_RSRPP\_111   -46≤SRS-RSRPP\<-45        dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_112   -45≤SRS-RSRPP\<-44        dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_113   -44≤SRS-RSRPP\<-43        dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_114   -43≤SRS-RSRPP\<-42        dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_115   -42≤SRS-RSRPP\<-41        dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_116   -41≤SRS-RSRPP\<-40        dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_117   -40≤SRS-RSRPP\<-39        dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_118   -39≤SRS-RSRPP\<-38        dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_119   -38≤SRS-RSRPP\<-37        dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_120   -37≤SRS-RSRPP\<-36        dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_121   -36≤SRS-RSRPP\<-35        dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_122   -35≤SRS-RSRPP\<-34        dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_123   -34≤SRS-RSRPP\<-33        dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_124   -33≤SRS-RSRPP\<-32        dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_125   -32≤SRS-RSRPP\<-31        dBm
  SRS\_RSRPP\_126   -31≤SRS-RSRPP             dBm

13.7 gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurements for RTT-based PDC
-------------------------------------------------------------

### 13.7.1 Report mapping

The reporting range of gNB Rx-Tx time difference, as defined in Clause
5.2.3 of TS 38.215 \[4\], is defined from **-985024T~c~ to
+985024×T~c~**. The reporting resolution is **uniform across the
reporting range and is defined as T~c~\*32.**

T~c~ is defined in TS 38.211 \[6\].

The mapping of measured quantity is defined in Table 13.7.1-1.

Table 13.7.1-1: gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement report mapping

  ---------------- ---------------------------- ------
  Reported Value   Measured Quantity Value      Unit
  RX-TX\_0000      -985024 \> RX-TX             T~c~
  RX-TX\_0001      -985024 ≤ RX-TX \< -984992   T~c~
  RX-TX\_0002      -984992 ≤ RX-TX \< -984960   T~c~
  ...              ...                          ...
  RX-TX\_30781     -64 ≤ RX-TX \< -32           T~c~
  RX-TX\_30782     -32 ≤ RX-TX ≤ 0              T~c~
  RX-TX\_30783     0 \< RX-TX ≤ 32              T~c~
  RX-TX\_30784     32 \< RX-TX ≤ 64             T~c~
  RX-TX\_30785     64 \< RX-TX ≤ 96             T~c~
  ...              ...                          ...
  RX-TX\_61564     984992 \< RX-TX ≤ 985024     T~c~
  RX-TX\_61565     985024 \< RX-TX              T~c~
  ---------------- ---------------------------- ------

### 13.7.2 Measurement Accuracy Requirements

#### 13.7.2.1 Introduction

This clause defines accuracy requirements for gNB Rx-Tx time difference
measurement in FR1 and FR2. The requirements are applicable for gNB
supporting gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement for RTT-based PDC.

#### 13.7.2.2 Requirements

The accuracy requirements for gNB Rx-Tx time difference measurement for
RTT-based PDC shall be within ±(X+Y) T~c~ under the following
conditions:

\- AWGN propagation conditions.

\- The measured signals are in the directions covered by RoAoA of OTA
reference sensitivity requirements for gNB type 1-O and 2-O BS

where

\- X is defined in Table 13.7.2.2-1 for gNB types 1-C, 1-H and 1-O and
in Table 13.7.2.2-2 for gNB type 2-O.

\- Y is declared by manufacturer and can be different for different gNB
types 1-C, 1-H, 1-O and 2-O.

Note: The measurement accuracy requirements in Table 13.7.2.2-1 and
Table 13.7.2.2-2 are defined under an assumption that gNB is not
mandated to perform receive beam sweeping.

Table 13.7.2.2-1: gNB Rx-Tx time difference absolute accuracy in FR1 for
gNB type 1-C, 1-H and 1-O

  Accuracy   SRS Ês/Iot   SCS         SRS bandwidth range
  ---------- ------------ ----------- ---------------------
  Unit: Tc   Unit: dB     Unit: kHz   Unit: RB
  122        ≥ +3         15          24 ≤ BW ≤ 40
  62                                  44 ≤ BW ≤ 84
  32                                  88 ≤ BW ≤ 168
  16                                  176 ≤ BW
  32                      30          48 ≤ BW ≤ 84
  17                                  88 ≤ BW ≤ 168
  9                                   176 ≤ BW
  16                      60          48 ≤ BW ≤ 84
  9                                   88 ≤ BW

Table 13.7.2.2-2: gNB Rx-Tx time difference absolute accuracy in FR2 for
gNB type 2-O

  Accuracy   SRS Ês/Iot   SCS         SRS bandwidth range
  ---------- ------------ ----------- ---------------------
  Unit: Tc   Unit: dB     Unit: kHz   Unit: RB
  9          ≥ +3         60          132 ≤ BW ≤ 168
  8                                   176 ≤ BW
  16                      120         32 ≤ BW ≤ 40
  9                                   44 ≤ BW ≤ 84
  8                                   88 ≤ BW
