+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| 3GPP TR 38.830 V17.0.0 (2020-12) |                                  |
+==================================+==================================+
| Technical Report                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| 3rd Generation Partnership       |                                  |
| Project;                         |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| Technical Specification Group    |                                  |
| Radio Access Network;            |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| Study on NR coverage             |                                  |
| enhancements                     |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| (Release 17)                     |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
|                                  |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| ![5G-logo\_175px](./medi         | ![                               |
| a/image1.jpeg){width="1.30625in" | 3GPP-logo\_web](./media/image2.p |
| height="0.8951388888888889in"}   | ng){width="1.7902777777777779in" |
|                                  | height="1.0402777777777779in"}   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
|                                  |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| The present document has been    |                                  |
| developed within the 3rd         |                                  |
| Generation Partnership Project   |                                  |
| (3GPP ^TM^) and may be further   |                                  |
| elaborated for the purposes of   |                                  |
| 3GPP.\                           |                                  |
| The present document has not     |                                  |
| been subject to any approval     |                                  |
| process by the 3GPP              |                                  |
| Organizational Partners and      |                                  |
| shall not be implemented.\       |                                  |
| This Specification is provided   |                                  |
| for future development work      |                                  |
| within 3GPP only. The            |                                  |
| Organizational Partners accept   |                                  |
| no liability for any use of this |                                  |
| Specification.\                  |                                  |
| Specifications and Reports for   |                                  |
| implementation of the 3GPP ^TM^  |                                  |
| system should be obtained via    |                                  |
| the 3GPP Organizational          |                                  |
| Partners\' Publications Offices. |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                      |
+======================================================================+
| > ***3GPP***                                                         |
| >                                                                    |
| > Postal address                                                     |
| >                                                                    |
| > 3GPP support office address                                        |
| >                                                                    |
| > 650 Route des Lucioles - Sophia Antipolis                          |
| >                                                                    |
| > Valbonne - FRANCE                                                  |
| >                                                                    |
| > Tel.: +33 4 92 94 42 00 Fax: +33 4 93 65 47 16                     |
| >                                                                    |
| > Internet                                                           |
| >                                                                    |
| > http://www.3gpp.org                                                |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ***Copyright Notification***                                         |
|                                                                      |
| No part may be reproduced except as authorized by written            |
| permission.\                                                         |
| The copyright and the foregoing restriction extend to reproduction   |
| in all media.                                                        |
|                                                                      |
| © 2020, 3GPP Organizational Partners (ARIB, ATIS, CCSA, ETSI, TSDSI, |
| TTA, TTC).                                                           |
|                                                                      |
| All rights reserved.                                                 |
|                                                                      |
| UMTS™ is a Trade Mark of ETSI registered for the benefit of its      |
| members                                                              |
|                                                                      |
| 3GPP™ is a Trade Mark of ETSI registered for the benefit of its      |
| Members and of the 3GPP Organizational Partners\                     |
| LTE™ is a Trade Mark of ETSI registered for the benefit of its       |
| Members and of the 3GPP Organizational Partners                      |
|                                                                      |
| GSM® and the GSM logo are registered and owned by the GSM            |
| Association                                                          |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

 Contents {#contents .TT}
========

Foreword 5

Introduction 6

1 Scope 7

2 References 7

3 Definitions of terms, symbols and abbreviations 7

3.1 Terms 7

3.2 Symbols 7

3.3 Abbreviations 7

4 Evaluation methodology 8

4.1 Antenna gain modelling 8

4.1.1 gNB antenna gain modelling 8

4.1.2 UE antenna gain modelling 10

4.2 Performance metrics 10

4.3 Link budget template 13

5 Baseline coverage performance 14

5.1 Baseline coverage performance for FR1 14

5.1.1 Representative values and observation for each scenario 14

5.1.1.1 Urban 4GHz TDD scenario 14

5.1.1.2 Urban 2.6GHz TDD scenario 18

5.1.1.3 Rural 4GHz TDD NLOS O2I scenario 20

5.1.1.4 Rural 2.6GHz TDD NLOS O2I scenario 24

5.1.1.5 Rural 2GHz FDD NLOS O2I scenario 26

5.1.1.6 Rural 700MHz FDD NLOS O2I scenario 27

5.1.1.7 Rural 4GHz with long distance TDD LOS O2O scenario 30

5.1.2 Bottleneck identification by representative values 32

5.1.3 Observation from the simulation result not using representative
values 34

5.2 Baseline coverage performance for FR2 34

5.2.1 Representative values and observation for each scenario 34

5.2.1.1 Urban 28GHz TDD NLOS O2I scenario 34

5.2.1.2 Urban 28GHz TDD NLOS O2O scenario 37

5.2.1.3 Indoor 28GHz TDD NLOS scenario 40

5.2.1.4 Suburban 28GHz TDD NLOS O2I scenario 42

5.2.1.5 Suburban 28GHz TDD NLOS O2O scenario 43

5.2.2 Bottleneck identification by representative values 45

5.2.3 Observation from the simulation result not using representative
values 46

6 Potential techniques for coverage enhancements 46

6.1 PUSCH coverage enhancements 46

6.1.1 Time-domain based solutions 46

6.1.2 Frequency-domain based solutions 52

6.1.3 DM-RS enhancements 55

6.1.4 Power-domain based solutions 60

6.1.5 Spatial-domain based solutions 61

6.1.6 Others 61

6.2 PUCCH coverage enhancements 62

6.2.1 DMRS-less PUCCH 62

6.2.2 PUSCH-repetition-Type-B like PUCCH repetition 65

6.2.3 Dynamic PUCCH repetition factor indication 66

6.2.4 DMRS bundling across PUCCH repetitions 66

6.3 Coverage enhancements for channels other than PUSCH and PUCCH 67

6.3.1 Enhancements for Msg3 PUSCH 67

6.3.2 Enhancements for PRACH 69

6.3.3 Enhancements for broadcast PDCCH 70

6.3.4 Enhancements for Msg4 71

6.3.5 Enhancements for PUCCH with Msg4 HARQ-ACK 71

6.3.6 Enhancements for SSB 72

6.3.7 Beam reporting during initial/random access procedure 72

6.3.8 Others 72

7 Conclusions 73

Annex \<A\>: Simulation assumptions 75

A.1 Simulation assumptions for FR1 75

A.2 Simulation assumptions for FR2 79

A.3 Link budget template 85

A.4 Derivation of target MCL for service dependent metric 89

Annex \<B\>: Simulation results for baseline coverage performance 90

Annex \<C\> (informative): Change history 91

 Foreword
========

This Technical Report has been produced by the 3rd Generation
Partnership Project (3GPP).

The contents of the present document are subject to continuing work
within the TSG and may change following formal TSG approval. Should the
TSG modify the contents of the present document, it will be re-released
by the TSG with an identifying change of release date and an increase in
version number as follows:

Version x.y.z

where:

x the first digit:

1 presented to TSG for information;

2 presented to TSG for approval;

3 or greater indicates TSG approved document under change control.

y the second digit is incremented for all changes of substance, i.e.
technical enhancements, corrections, updates, etc.

z the third digit is incremented when editorial only changes have been
incorporated in the document.

In the present document, modal verbs have the following meanings:

**shall** indicates a mandatory requirement to do something

**shall not** indicates an interdiction (prohibition) to do something

The constructions \"shall\" and \"shall not\" are confined to the
context of normative provisions, and do not appear in Technical Reports.

The constructions \"must\" and \"must not\" are not used as substitutes
for \"shall\" and \"shall not\". Their use is avoided insofar as
possible, and they are not used in a normative context except in a
direct citation from an external, referenced, non-3GPP document, or so
as to maintain continuity of style when extending or modifying the
provisions of such a referenced document.

**should** indicates a recommendation to do something

**should not** indicates a recommendation not to do something

**may** indicates permission to do something

**need not** indicates permission not to do something

The construction \"may not\" is ambiguous and is not used in normative
elements. The unambiguous constructions \"might not\" or \"shall not\"
are used instead, depending upon the meaning intended.

**can** indicates that something is possible

**cannot** indicates that something is impossible

The constructions \"can\" and \"cannot\" are not substitutes for \"may\"
and \"need not\".

**will** indicates that something is certain or expected to happen as a
result of action taken by an agency the behaviour of which is outside
the scope of the present document

**will not** indicates that something is certain or expected not to
happen as a result of action taken by an agency the behaviour of which
is outside the scope of the present document

**might** indicates a likelihood that something will happen as a result
of action taken by some agency the behaviour of which is outside the
scope of the present document

**might not** indicates a likelihood that something will not happen as a
result of action taken by some agency the behaviour of which is outside
the scope of the present document

In addition:

**is** (or any other verb in the indicative mood) indicates a statement
of fact

**is not** (or any other negative verb in the indicative mood) indicates
a statement of fact

The constructions \"is\" and \"is not\" do not indicate requirements.

Introduction
============

In RAN \#86 meeting, a new Rel-17 study item on NR coverage enhancements
was approved \[2\]. The objective of this study item is to study
potential coverage enhancement solutions for specific scenarios for both
FR1 and FR2. The detailed objectives are as follows.

\- The target scenarios and services include

\- Urban (outdoor gNB serving indoor UEs) scenario, and rural scenario
(including extreme long distance rural scenario) for FR1

\- Indoor scenario (indoor gNB serving indoor UEs), and urban/suburban
scenario (including outdoor gNB serving outdoor UEs and outdoor gNB
serving indoor UEs) for FR2.

\- TDD and FDD for FR1.

\- VoIP and eMBB service for FR1.

\- eMBB service as first priority and VoIP as second priority for FR2.

\- LPWA services and scenarios are not included.

\- Identify baseline coverage performance for both DL and UL for the
above scenarios and services based on link-level simulation

\- UL channels (including PUSCH and PUCCH) are prioritized for FR1.

\- Both DL and UL channels for FR2.

\- Identify the performance target for coverage enhancement, and study
the potential solutions for coverage enhancements for the above
scenarios and services

\- The target channels include at least PUSCH/PUCCH

\- Study enhanced solutions, e.g., time domain/frequency domain/DM-RS
enhancement (including DM-RS-less transmissions)

\- Study the additional enhanced solutions for FR2 if any

\- Evaluate the performance of the potential solutions based on link
level simulation.

 1 Scope
=======

The present document captures the results and findings from the study
item \"New SID on NR coverage enhancement\" \[2\]. The purpose of this
TR is to **document the baseline coverage performance for both FR1 and
FR2** considering the scenarios and services identified in \[2\], **and
to document the evaluation and findings of the potential enhancements
for the identified** scenarios and services.

This activity involves the Radio Access work area of the 3GPP studies
and has potential impacts both on the Mobile Equipment and Access
Network of the 3GPP systems.

This document is a \'living\' document, i.e. it is permanently updated
and presented to TSG-RAN meetings.

2 References
============

The following documents contain provisions which, through reference in
this text, constitute provisions of the present document.

\- References are either specific (identified by date of publication,
edition number, version number, etc.) or non‑specific.

\- For a specific reference, subsequent revisions do not apply.

\- For a non-specific reference, the latest version applies. In the case
of a reference to a 3GPP document (including a GSM document), a
non-specific reference implicitly refers to the latest version of that
document *in the same Release as the present document*.

\[1\] 3GPP TR 21.905: \"Vocabulary for 3GPP Specifications\".

\[2\] 3GPP RP-193240: \"New SID on NR coverage enhancement\".

\[3\] Report ITU-R M.2412: \"Guidelines for evaluation of radio
interface technologies for IMT-2020\".

3 Definitions of terms, symbols and abbreviations
=================================================

3.1 Terms
---------

For the purposes of the present document, the terms given in
TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. A term defined in the present
document takes precedence over the definition of the same term, if any,
in TR 21.905 \[1\].

**example:** text used to clarify abstract rules by applying them
literally.

3.2 Symbols
-----------

For the purposes of the present document, the following symbols apply:

\<symbol\> \<Explanation\>

3.3 Abbreviations
-----------------

For the purposes of the present document, the abbreviations given in
TR 21.905 \[1\] and the following apply. An abbreviation defined in the
present document takes precedence over the definition of the same
abbreviation, if any, in TR 21.905 \[1\].

ACK Acknowledgement

BWP Bandwidth Part

BS Base Station

CSI Channel State Information

CCE Control Channel Element

DL Downlink

DMRS Dedicated Demodulation Reference Signals

eMBB enhanced Mobile BroadBand

FDD Frequency Division Duplex

gNB NR Node B

HARQ Hybrid Automatic Repeat reQuest

iBLER initial BLock Error Rate

LLS Link Level Simulation

MCS Modulation and Coding Scheme

NACK Negative Acknowledgement

OS OFDM symbol

PDCCH Physical Downlink Control Channel

PUCCH Physical Uplink Control Channel

PUSCH Physical Uplink Shared Channel

PDSCH Physical Downlink Shared Channel

PRACH Physical Random Access Channel

PRB Physical Resource Block

rBLER residual BLock Error Rate

SCS Subcarrier Spacing

SLS System Level Simulation

SR Scheduling Request

SSB Synchronization Signal Block

TBS Transport Block Size

TDD Time Division Duplex

UCI Uplink Control Information

UE User Equipment

UL Uplink

4 Evaluation methodology
========================

For this study item, the basic evaluation methodology is based on
link-level simulation and articulated in 2 steps. Simulation assumptions
for step 1 are provided in Annex A.1 for FR1 and A.2 for FR2,
respectively. Link budget template for step 2 is provided in Annex A.3.

\- Step 1: Obtain the required SINR for the physical channels under
target scenarios and service/reliability requirements. Simulations have
been conducted neglecting:

\- Constraints imposed by certain beamforming implementation, such as
the possibility to simultaneously receive or transmit with maximum gain
in more than one direction;

\- PTRS overhead and compensation algorithms.

\- Step 2: Obtain the baseline performance based on required SINR and
link budget template.

The evaluation methodology based on system-level simulation is optional
and the simulation assumptions for system-level simulation are up to
companies\' reports.

4.1 Antenna gain modelling
--------------------------

### 4.1.1 gNB antenna gain modelling

For link level simulation, two options for TDL channel model are
considered:

\- TDL channel model option 1: 2 or 4 gNB RF chains in LLS

\- TDL channel model option 2 (optional): number of gNB RF chains in LLS
= number of TXRUs

For TDL channel model option 1, the complexity of link level simulation
can be simplified, while the practical gNB architecture can be reflected
in TDL channel model option 2.

Figure 4.1-1 and Figure 4.1-2 depict gNB antenna gain modelling for TDL
channel model option 1, and TDL channel model option 2 and CDL channel
model respectively. *M* is the number of antenna elements, *N* is the
number of TXRUs, *k* is the number of RF chains considered in LLS. For
TDL channel model option 1, gNB antenna gains include 4 components,
i.e., antenna gain component 1/2/3/4. For TDL channel model option 2 and
CDL channel model, gNB antenna gains include 3 components, i.e., antenna
gain component 1/3/4. The antenna gain component 1 is included in LLS,
while the antenna gain component 2/3/4 are included in link budget
template.

![](./media/image3.emf){width="6.5159722222222225in"
height="2.379166666666667in"}

Figure 4.1-1: gNB antenna gain modelling for TDL channel model option 1

![](./media/image4.emf){width="5.258333333333334in" height="2.5in"}

Figure 4.1-2: gNB antenna gain modelling for TDL channel model option 2
and CDL channel model

For TDL channel model option 1, the gain of antenna gain component 2 is
expressed by:

Antenna gain component 2 = 10 \* log 10(*N*/*k*)-∆1,

where ∆1 is a correction factor to account for various non-idealities
impacting the actual gain of antenna gain component 2, and reported by
companies.

For TDL channel model option 2 and CDL channel model, antenna gain
component 2 = 0.

For TDL channel model option 1, option 2 and CDL channel model, the gain
of antenna gain components 3 and 4 is expressed by:

Antenna gain component 3 + Antenna gain component 4 = Antenna Element
Gain + 10 \* log 10(*M*/*N*) -∆2.

where ∆2 is a correction factor to account for various non-idealities
impacting the actual gain of antenna gain component 3, and reported by
companies.

### 4.1.2 UE antenna gain modelling

UE antenna gain is expressed by:

UE antenna gain = Antenna Element Gain + 10 \* log 10(*M*/*k*) -∆3.

For FR1, antenna element gain = 0dBi; while for FR2, antenna element
gain = 5dBi.

where *k* is the number of Tx/Rx chains, e.g., number of SRS/CSI-RS
ports to be simulated in LLS and *M* is the number of antenna elements
used for both transmission and reception, i.e., *M/*2 xpol antenna
elements.

For FR1, *k* = *M* is assumed for the simulations, and *k*=1 for Tx
(optional *k* = 2), while *k*∈{2,4} for Rx.

For FR2, there are two options for simulations:

\- Option 1: *k*∈{1,2}for Tx and *k* = 2 for Rx,

\- Option 2: *k* = *M* .

∆3 is a correction factor to account for various non-idealities
impacting the actual antenna array gain. For FR1, ∆3=0; while for FR2,
∆3 is channel/procedure dependent and reported by companies.

4.2 Performance metrics
-----------------------

For LLS based methodology, coverage bottleneck(s) identification is
performed using at least MIL or MCL (assuming the set of simulation
assumptions). Even when SLS is used to obtain some components of MIL or
MCL, it is categorized as LLS based methodology. MCL values can also be
used to identify the coverage bottleneck(s). MPL can be used
as supplemental information for coverage bottleneck(s) identification.

The targets are in the form of the following:

**1. Scenario dependent targets defined by MPL, which is calculated from
target ISD;**

\- For each scenario, multiple target ISD values can be used to draw
observations, and a single target ISD value can be used to identify
bottlenecks. Target ISD values for each scenario are as follows

\- For FR1,

\- Urban 4GHz TDD -- 400, 500m for observation and 400m for bottleneck
identification

\- Urban 2.6GHz TDD -- 400, 500m for observation and 400m for bottleneck
identification

\- Rural 4GHz TDD NLOS O2I -- 1732 and 3000 m for observation and 1732m
with 33dBm/MHz BS transmit power for bottleneck identification

\- Rural 2.6 GHz TDD NLOS O2I -- 1732 m for observation and bottleneck
identification

\- Rural 2 GHz FDD NLOS O2I -- 1732 m for observation and bottleneck
identification

\- Rural 700MHz FDD NLOS O2I -- 3000 m, 4000 m for observation and 4000m
for bottleneck identification

\- Rural with long distance 4GHz TDD LOS O2O -- 12 km for observation
and bottleneck identification

\- For FR2,

\- Urban 28GHz TDD -- 200m for observation and bottleneck identification

\- Indoor 28 GHz TDD -- 20m for observation and bottleneck
identification

\- The following formula is used to convert an ISD value to a target MPL
value:

\- For urban scenarios with $0.5GHz \leq f_{c} \leq 6GHz,\ $(based on
UMA\_A NLOS model in \[3\]),

$- Target\ MPL\ \left( \text{dB} \right) = 161.04 - 7.1 \bullet \log_{10}\left( W \right) + 7.5 \bullet \log_{10}\left( h \right) - \left( 24.37 - 3.7 \bullet \left( \frac{h}{h_{\text{BS}}} \right)^{2} \right) \bullet \log_{10}\left( h_{\text{BS}} \right) + \left( 43.42 - 3.1 \bullet \log_{10}\left( h_{\text{BS}} \right) \right) \bullet \left( \log_{10}\left( d_{3D} \right) - 3 \right) + 20 \bullet \log_{10}\left( f_{c} \right) - \left( 3.2 \bullet \left( \log_{10}\left( 11.75 \bullet h_{\text{UT}} \right) \right)^{2} - 4.97 \right) - 0.6 \bullet \left( h_{\text{UT}} - 1.5 \right),$
where $W = 20m$ is the average street width, $h = 20m$ is the average
building height, $h_{\text{BS}} = 25m$ is the BS antenna height,
$h_{\text{UT}} = 1.5m$ is the UT antenna height, $f_{c}$ is the carrier
frequency and $d_{3D}$ is the target range calculated by ISD/sqrt(3).

\- For rural scenarios (based on RMA\_A NLOS model in \[3\]),

$- Target\ MPL\ \left( \text{dB} \right) = 161.04 - 7.1 \bullet \log_{10}\left( W \right) + 7.5 \bullet \log_{10}\left( h \right) - \left( 24.37 - 3.7 \bullet \left( \frac{h}{h_{\text{BS}}} \right)^{2} \right) \bullet \log_{10}\left( h_{\text{BS}} \right) + \left( 43.42 - 3.1 \bullet \log_{10}\left( h_{\text{BS}} \right) \right) \bullet \left( \log_{10}\left( d_{3D} \right) - 3 \right) + 20 \bullet \log_{10}\left( f_{c} \right) - \left( 3.2 \bullet \left( \log_{10}\left( 11.75 \bullet h_{\text{UT}} \right) \right)^{2} - 4.97 \right),$where
$W = 20m$, $h = 5m$, $h_{\text{BS}} = 35m$, $h_{\text{UT}} = 1.5m$ and
$d_{3D}$ is the target range calculated by ISD/sqrt(3).

\- For rural with long distance scenarios (based on RMa\_A LOS model in
\[3\]),

$- Target\ MPL\ \left( \text{dB} \right) = 20 \bullet \log_{10}\left( 40 \bullet \pi \bullet d_{\text{BP}} \bullet \frac{f_{c}}{3} \right) + min\left( 0.03 \bullet h^{1.72},10 \right) \bullet \log_{10}\left( d_{\text{BP}} \right) - \min\left( 0.044 \bullet h^{1.72},14.77 \right) + 0.002 \bullet \log_{10}\left( h \right) \bullet d_{\text{BP}} + 40 \bullet \log_{10}\left( \frac{d_{3D}}{d_{\text{BP}}} \right),$
where $h = 5m$,
$d_{\text{BP}} = 2 \bullet \pi \bullet h_{\text{BS}} \bullet h_{\text{UT}} \bullet \frac{f_{c}}{c}$,
$h_{\text{BS}} = 35m$, $h_{\text{UT}} = 1.5m$, $c = 3 \bullet 10^{8}m/s$
and $d_{3D}$ is the target range calculated by ISD/sqrt(3).

\- For urban scenarios with $6GHz < f_{c} \leq 100GHz,\ $(based on
UMA\_A NLOS model in \[3\]),

$- Target\ MPL\ \left( \text{dB} \right) = 13.54 + 39.08 \bullet \log_{10}\left( d_{3D} \right) + 20 \bullet \log_{10}\left( f_{c} \right) - 0.6 \bullet \left( h_{\text{UT}} - 1.5 \right),$
where $h_{\text{UT}} = 1.5m$ is the UT antenna height, $f_{c}$ is the
carrier frequency and $d_{3D}$ is the target range calculated by
ISD/sqrt(3).

\- For indoor scenarios with $6GHz < f_{c} \leq 100GHz,\ $(based on
InH\_A NLOS model in \[3\]),

$- Target\ MPL\ \left( \text{dB} \right) = 17.3 + 38.3 \bullet \log_{10}\left( d_{3D} \right) + 24.9 \bullet \log_{10}\left( f_{c} \right)$
where $f_{c}$ is the carrier frequency and $d_{3D}$ is the target range
calculated by ISD/sqrt(3).

**2. Service dependent targets defined by MCL=139.2 dB for VoIP;**

\- This metric is applicable to Rural 700MHz scenario, and used for
drawing observation bottleneck identification.

\- The derivation of the target value of 139.2 dB is found in Annex A.4.

**3. Relative difference between channels in MIL**

\- MIL is used to derive relative differential values.

\- Relative difference between channels is used to draw observation to
identify bottlenecks.

\- For FR1, for each channel, relative differential value is defined by
the following formula:

\- (MIL of the channel) -- (MIL of the worst channel among the channels
that have more than 3 samples)

\- For FR2, for each channel, relative differential value is defined by
the following formula:

\- (MIL of the channel) -- (MIL of PUCCH format 1)

**[Definition of MCL:]{.underline}**

\- MCL = Total transmit power -- Receiver sensitivity + gNB antenna gain
(component 2).

\- More details can be found in the link budget template shown in Annex
A.3

**[Definition of MIL:]{.underline}**

\- MIL = Total transmit power -- Receiver sensitivity -- Tx loss -- Rx
loss + gNB antenna gain (component 2 + 3 + 4) + UE antenna gain.

\- More details can be found in the link budget template shown in Annex
A.3

**[Definition of MPL:]{.underline}**

\- MPL = MIL -- Shadow fading margin + BS selection/macro-diversity gain
-- Penetration margin + Other gains.

\- More details can be found in the link budget template shown in Annex
A.3

**[Definition of representative values:]{.underline}**

For FR1 and FR2, representative values, which are applicable to MCL, MIL
and MPL, are used for bottleneck identification. A representative value
is computed for each scenario for each channel. A representative value
is derived by taking the mean value (in dB domain) from companies\'
evaluation results. The highest and the lowest values, which are
referred to as outlier, are excluded when the number of samples is more
than 3.

The number of available samples for DL channels in FR1 4GHz scenario is
given by the total number of available results for transmit power of
both 33 dBm/MHz and 24 dBm/MHz, when applicable, derived one from the
other by simple subtraction. Representative values are calculated for
both 33 dBm/MHz and 24 dBm/MHz.

The number of available samples for UL channels in FR2 is given by the
total number of available results for maximum transmit power of both 23
dBm and 12 dBm, when applicable, given that they can be derived one from
the other by simple subtraction. Representative values are calculated
only for 12 dBm**, according to the assumption of commercial power class
3 UEs and a total maximum of 11 dBi antenna array gain**.

No other aggregation/categorization based on simulation parameters is
introduced for deriving representative values.

For FR1, if the number of samples used to compute a representative value
is less than 4 for each scenario, this representative value is not used
for bottleneck identification. In this case, observations may still be
drawn.

For FR2, representative values are used for bottleneck identification
regardless of the number of samples used to calculate them. Study of
channels, scenarios and frame structures follow a prioritization
depending on the number of available samples:

\- 1^st^ priority channels, scenarios and frame structures have more
than 2 available samples.

\- 2^nd^ priority channels, scenarios and frame structures have less
than 3 available samples.

In order to address the misalignment issue of the companies\' evaluation
results due to no categorization and/or different simulation
assumptions, number of samples and standard deviation are displayed
together with a representative value. In addition, descriptions on the
potential fluctuation due to no categorization and/or different
simulation assumptions are added to the observation.

For FR1, representative values are computed for the following channels,
and they are used to draw observation and to identify bottlenecks if the
number of samples for each scenario is more than 3.

\- PUSCH for eMBB (FDD, & TDD with DDDSU and DDDSUDDSUU for 4GHz,
DDDDDDDSUU for 2.6GHz)

\- PUSCH for VoIP (FDD, & TDD with DDDSU and DDDSUDDSUU for 4GHz,
DDDDDDDSUU for 2.6GHz)

\- PUCCH Format 1 with 2bits

\- PUCCH Format 3 with 11bits

\- PUCCH Format 3 with 22bits

\- SSB

\- PRACH format 0

\- PRACH format B4

\- Broadcast PDCCH (PDCCH of Msg.2)

\- PDSCH for Msg.2

\- PUSCH of Msg.3

\- PDSCH of Msg.4

\- Unicast PDCCH

\- PDSCH for eMBB (FDD, & TDD with DDDSU and DDDSUDDSUU for 4GHz,
DDDDDDDSUU for 2.6GHz)

\- PUCCH with HARQ-ACK for Msg.4

\- PUSCH with SIP invite

\- PUSCH for CSI 11bit

\- PUSCH for CSI 22bit

For FR2, representative values are computed for the following channels:

\- PUSCH for eMBB (DDDSU and DDSU)

\- PUSCH for VoIP (DDDSU and DDSU)

\- PUCCH Format 1 with 2bits

\- PUCCH Format 3 with 11bits

\- PUCCH Format 3 with 22bits

\- SSB

\- PRACH format B4

\- PRACH format C2

\- PDCCH of Msg.2

\- PDSCH for Msg.2

\- PUSCH of Msg.3

\- PDSCH of Msg.4

\- PDCCH

\- PDSCH for eMBB (DDDSU and DDSU)

\- PUCCH with HARQ-ACK for Msg.4

\- PUSCH with SIP invite

\- PUSCH for CSI 11bit

\- PUSCH for CSI 22bit

**[Scenarios used for observation and bottleneck
identification:]{.underline}**

For FR1, the following scenarios are chosen for drawing observations and
bottleneck identification, and the representative values are computed
for each scenario.

\- Urban 4GHz TDD

\- Urban 2.6GHz TDD

\- Rural 4GHz TDD NLOS O2I

\- Rural 700MHz FDD NLOS O2I

\- Rural 2GHz FDD NLOS O2I

\- Rural 2.6GHz TDD NLOS O2I

\- Rural 4GHz with long distance TDD LOS O2O

For FR2, the following scenarios are chosen for drawing observations and
bottleneck identification:

\- Urban 28GHz TDD NLOS O2I/O2O

\- Indoor 28GHz TDD NLOS

For FR2, the following scenarios are chosen only for drawing
observations:

\- Suburban 28GHz TDD NLOS O2I/O2O

4.3 Link budget template
------------------------

Single link budget template for both FR1 and FR2 with rows for MIL, MCL,
MPL is adopted. The parameter assumptions of the link budget template
for step 2 are provided in Annex A.3. RAN1 will not further discuss on
specific values for the parameters related to MPL. IMT-2020 values are a
starting point, but companies may use other values, and for the
parameters that companies think IMT-2020 self-evaluation does not
clearly define the values for some scenarios, it is up to companies to
report.

5 Baseline coverage performance
===============================

5.1 Baseline coverage performance for FR1
-----------------------------------------

### 5.1.1 Representative values and observation for each scenario 

#### 5.1.1.1 Urban 4GHz TDD scenario

The representative values for the metrics are summarized below. Table
5.1.1.1-1 to 5.1.1.1-6 show the results with BS Tx power of 33 dBm/MHz
and 24 dBm/MHz.

Table 5.1.1.1-1: Representative values of MCL for Urban 4GHz TDD
scenario with BS Tx power of 33 dBm/MHz

  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU               14                  130.76                 0.99
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          11                  132.37                 0.86
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU               11                  142.78                 2.40
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSUDDSUU          12                  141.08                 5.06
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU        1                   144.80                 0.00
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSUDDSUU   0                                          
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDSU          2                   146.00                 2.00
  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDSU          2                   144.80                 2.00
  PUCCH Format 1                     12                  146.90                 2.20
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits              10                  146.10                 1.36
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               12                  143.08                 1.53
  SSB                                9                   153.71                 3.65
  PRACH Format 0                     2                   144.85                 0.02
  PRACH Format B4                    8                   145.27                 3.09
  PRACH Format C2                    0                                          
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    7                   150.19                 1.66
  PDSCH for Msg.2                    8                   151.33                 3.72
  PUSCH of Msg.3                     10                  143.93                 1.11
  PDSCH of Msg.4                     7                   150.42                 4.23
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        3                   148.59                 2.23
  Unicast PDCCH                      13                  156.83                 3.91
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSU               12                  153.24                 4.59
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          9                   151.97                 5.52

Table 5.1.1.1-2: Representative values of MIL for Urban 4GHz TDD
scenario with BS Tx power of 33 dBm/MHz

  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Relative difference between channels
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU               14                  139.01                 0.97                               0.00
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          12                  140.33                 0.95                               1.32
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU               11                  152.00                 2.51                               12.99
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSUDDSUU          15                  151.23                 2.48                               12.22
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU        1                   154.40                 0.00                               15.39
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSUDDSUU   0                                                                             
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDSU          2                   155.40                 2.00                               16.39
  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDSU          2                   154.25                 2.05                               15.24
  PUCCH Format 1                     13                  156.20                 3.57                               17.19
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits              11                  155.55                 1.52                               16.54
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               13                  151.85                 2.99                               12.84
  SSB                                9                   160.89                 2.99                               21.88
  PRACH Format 0                     2                   153.62                 0.02                               14.61
  PRACH Format B4                    8                   153.50                 4.82                               14.49
  PRACH Format C2                    0                                                                             
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    7                   158.54                 2.12                               19.53
  PDSCH for Msg.2                    8                   159.45                 3.47                               20.44
  PUSCH of Msg.3                     12                  152.10                 2.00                               13.09
  PDSCH of Msg.4                     7                   158.27                 2.29                               19.26
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        3                   156.38                 2.13                               17.37
  Unicast PDCCH                      14                  164.05                 2.43                               25.05
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSU               12                  160.14                 3.61                               21.13
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          10                  159.84                 3.56                               20.83

Table 5.1.1.1-3: Representative values of MPL for Urban 4GHz TDD
scenario with BS Tx power of 33 dBm/MHz

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Gap from Deployment dependent target\   Gap from Deployment dependent target\
                                                                                                                   400m ISD=118.0dB                        500m ISD=121.8dB
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU               16                  109.84                 2.52                               -8.12                                   -11.91

  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          14                  110.87                 1.84                               -7.09                                   -10.88

  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU               11                  121.78                 3.37                               3.82                                    0.03

  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSUDDSUU          15                  120.90                 2.82                               2.93                                    -0.86

  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU        1                   129.30                 0.00                               11.33                                   7.55

  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSUDDSUU   0                                                                                                                     

  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDSU          2                   130.25                 1.95                               12.28                                   8.50

  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDSU          2                   129.10                 2.00                               11.13                                   7.35

  PUCCH Format 1                     13                  123.83                 2.13                               5.86                                    2.07

  PUCCH Format 3 11bits              12                  122.29                 3.68                               4.32                                    0.53

  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               14                  119.14                 3.31                               1.17                                    -2.62

  SSB                                9                   127.90                 2.96                               9.93                                    6.15

  PRACH Format 0                     2                   119.81                 0.02                               1.84                                    -1.94

  PRACH Format B4                    8                   121.27                 7.35                               3.31                                    -0.48

  PRACH Format C2                    0                                                                                                                     

  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    7                   124.80                 2.43                               6.83                                    3.05

  PDSCH for Msg.2                    8                   129.65                 4.29                               11.68                                   7.89

  PUSCH of Msg.3                     12                  123.01                 2.34                               5.04                                    1.26

  PDSCH of Msg.4                     7                   127.44                 2.39                               9.47                                    5.68

  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        3                   122.43                 2.17                               4.46                                    0.67

  Unicast PDCCH                      14                  131.72                 4.38                               13.75                                   9.96

  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSU               12                  130.77                 5.58                               12.80                                   9.01

  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          10                  129.67                 3.93                               11.70                                   7.91
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 5.1.1.1-4: Representative values of MCL for Urban 4GHz TDD
scenario with BS Tx power of 24 dBm/MHz

  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU               14                  130.76                 0.99
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          11                  132.37                 0.86
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU               11                  142.78                 2.40
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSUDDSUU          12                  141.08                 5.06
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU        1                   144.80                 0.00
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSUDDSUU   0                                          
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDSU          2                   146.00                 2.00
  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDSU          2                   144.80                 2.00
  PUCCH Format 1                     12                  146.90                 2.20
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits              10                  146.10                 1.36
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               12                  143.08                 1.53
  SSB                                9                   144.71                 3.65
  PRACH Format 0                     2                   144.85                 0.02
  PRACH Format B4                    8                   145.27                 3.09
  PRACH Format C2                    0                                          
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    7                   141.19                 1.66
  PDSCH for Msg.2                    8                   142.33                 3.72
  PUSCH of Msg.3                     10                  143.93                 1.11
  PDSCH of Msg.4                     7                   141.42                 4.23
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        3                   148.59                 
  Unicast PDCCH                      13                  147.83                 3.91
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSU               12                  144.24                 4.59
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          9                   142.97                 5.52

Table 5.1.1.1-5: Representative values of MIL for Urban 4GHz TDD
scenario with BS Tx power of 24 dBm/MHz

  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Relative difference between channels
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU               14                  139.01                 0.97                               0.00
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          12                  140.33                 0.95                               1.32
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU               11                  152.00                 2.51                               12.99
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSUDDSUU          15                  151.23                 2.48                               12.22
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU        1                   154.40                 0.00                               15.39
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSUDDSUU   0                                                                             
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDSU          2                   155.40                 2.00                               16.39
  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDSU          2                   154.25                 2.05                               15.24
  PUCCH Format 1                     13                  156.20                 3.57                               17.19
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits              11                  155.55                 1.52                               16.54
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               13                  151.85                 2.99                               12.84
  SSB                                9                   151.89                 2.99                               12.88
  PRACH Format 0                     2                   153.62                 0.02                               14.61
  PRACH Format B4                    8                   153.50                 4.82                               14.49
  PRACH Format C2                    0                                                                             
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    7                   149.54                 2.12                               10.53
  PDSCH for Msg.2                    8                   150.45                 3.47                               11.44
  PUSCH of Msg.3                     12                  152.10                 2.00                               13.09
  PDSCH of Msg.4                     7                   149.27                 2.29                               10.26
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        3                   156.38                 2.13                               17.37
  Unicast PDCCH                      14                  155.05                 2.43                               16.05
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSU               12                  151.14                 3.61                               12.13
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          10                  150.84                 3.56                               11.83

Table 5.1.1.1-6: Representative values of MPL for Urban 4GHz TDD
scenario with BS Tx power of 24 dBm/MHz

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Gap from Deployment dependent target\   Gap from Deployment dependent target\
                                                                                                                   400m ISD=118.0dB                        500m ISD=121.8dB
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU               16                  109.84                 2.52                               -8.12                                   -11.91

  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          14                  110.87                 1.84                               -7.09                                   -10.88

  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU               11                  121.78                 3.37                               3.82                                    0.03

  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSUDDSUU          15                  120.90                 2.82                               2.93                                    -0.86

  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU        1                   129.30                 0.00                               11.33                                   7.55

  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSUDDSUU   0                                                                                                                     

  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDSU          2                   130.25                 1.95                               12.28                                   8.50

  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDSU          2                   129.10                 2.00                               11.13                                   7.35

  PUCCH Format 1                     13                  123.83                 2.13                               5.86                                    2.07

  PUCCH Format 3 11bits              12                  122.29                 3.68                               4.32                                    0.53

  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               14                  119.14                 3.31                               1.17                                    -2.62

  SSB                                9                   118.90                 2.96                               0.93                                    -2.85

  PRACH Format 0                     2                   119.81                 0.02                               1.84                                    -1.94

  PRACH Format B4                    8                   121.27                 7.35                               3.31                                    -0.48

  PRACH Format C2                    0                                                                                                                     

  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    7                   115.80                 2.43                               -2.17                                   -5.95

  PDSCH for Msg.2                    8                   120.65                 4.29                               2.68                                    -1.11

  PUSCH of Msg.3                     12                  123.01                 2.34                               5.04                                    1.26

  PDSCH of Msg.4                     7                   118.44                 2.39                               0.47                                    -3.32

  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        3                   122.43                 2.17                               4.46                                    0.67

  Unicast PDCCH                      14                  122.72                 4.38                               4.75                                    0.96

  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSU               12                  121.77                 5.58                               3.80                                    0.01

  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          10                  120.67                 3.93                               2.70                                    -1.09
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

From the representative values for Urban 4GHz TDD scenario, the
following observation is made:

\- PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDSU is the worst channel in
terms of MIL, and can be the coverage bottleneck for the given scenario.

\- In order to achieve the target MPL calculated from 400m ISD, the
following channel(s) needs to be enhanced:

\- PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDSU

\- PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDSUDDSUU

\- In order to achieve the target MPL calculated from 500m ISD, the
following channel(s) needs to be enhanced:

\- PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDSU

\- PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDSUDDSUU

\- PUSCH for VoIP with frame structure DDDSU

\- However as shown by standard deviation in the table, this additional
gain may be achieved by the existing technologies or parameter
optimization, which means that new a functionality in Rel-17 is not
always required.

\- PUSCH for VoIP with frame structure DDDSUDDSUU

\- However as shown by standard deviation in the table, this additional
gain may be achieved by the existing technologies or parameter
optimization, which means that a new functionality in Rel-17 is not
always required.

\- PUCCH format 3 with 22 bit payload

\- PRACH Format B4

\- However as shown by standard deviation in the table, this additional
gain may be achieved by the existing technologies or parameter
optimization, which means that a new functionality in Rel-17 is not
always required.

\- If low transmit power BS (i.e. 24dBm/MHz) is assumed, the following
DL channel(s) needs to be enhanced, additionally.

\- For the target MPL calculated from 400m ISD

\- Broadcast PDCCH (PDCCH of Msg.2)

\- For the target MPL calculated from 500m ISD

\- SSB

\- Broadcast PDCCH (PDCCH of Msg.2)

\- PDSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDSUDDSUU

\- However as shown by standard deviation in the table, this additional
gain may be achieved by the existing technologies or parameter
optimization, which means that a new functionality in Rel-17 is not
always required.

#### 5.1.1.2 Urban 2.6GHz TDD scenario

The representative values for the metrics are summarized in tables
5.1.1.2-1 to 5.1.1.2-3

Table 5.1.1.2-1: Representative values of MCL for Urban 2.6GHz TDD
scenario

  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDDDDDSUU          9                   131.05                 1.02
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDDDDDSUU          7                   142.23                 1.95
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDDDDDSUU   0                                          
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDDDDDSUU     0                                          
  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDDDDDSUU     0                                          
  PUCCH Format 1                     5                   148.50                 0.69
  PUCCH Format 3 11bit               5                   146.36                 0.53
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               5                   144.86                 1.17
  SSB                                4                   152.61                 2.03
  PRACH Format 0                     4                   147.51                 2.66
  PRACH Format B4                    5                   143.78                 2.54
  PRACH Format C2                    2                   146.76                 1.50
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    4                   151.62                 0.12
  PDSCH for Msg.2                    2                   148.03                 2.99
  PUSCH of Msg.3                     6                   144.29                 0.75
  PDSCH of Msg.4                     2                   149.34                 1.00
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        1                   150.20                 0.00
  Unicast PDCCH                      6                   157.61                 2.02
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDDDDDSUU          6                   157.01                 0.74

Table 5.1.1.2-2: Representative values of MIL for Urban 2.6GHz TDD
scenario

  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Relative difference between channels
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDDDDDSUU          10                  139.66                 1.12                               0.00
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDDDDDSUU          10                  149.65                 3.61                               10.00
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDDDDDSUU   0                                                                             
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDDDDDSUU     0                                                                             
  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDDDDDSUU     0                                                                             
  PUCCH Format 1                     6                   157.45                 1.28                               17.79
  PUCCH Format 3 11bit               6                   155.14                 1.38                               15.49
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               6                   153.35                 2.07                               13.69
  SSB                                4                   158.74                 2.02                               19.08
  PRACH Format 0                     4                   156.28                 2.66                               16.62
  PRACH Format B4                    5                   152.56                 2.55                               12.90
  PRACH Format C2                    2                   155.53                 1.50                               15.87
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    4                   159.07                 1.44                               19.41
  PDSCH for Msg.2                    2                   155.48                 1.66                               15.82
  PUSCH of Msg.3                     8                   153.51                 1.75                               13.85
  PDSCH of Msg.4                     2                   156.64                 0.48                               16.98
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        1                   156.02                 0.00                               16.36
  Unicast PDCCH                      7                   164.72                 0.84                               25.07
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDDDDDSUU          7                   164.29                 1.18                               24.64

Table 5.1.1.2-3: Representative values of MPL for Urban 2.6GHz TDD
scenario

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Gap from Deployment dependent target\   Gap from Deployment dependent target\
                                                                                                                   400m ISD=114.2dB                        500m ISD=118.0dB
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDDDDDSUU          10                  109.10                 1.00                               -5.13                                   -8.92

  PUSCH for VoIP DDDDDDDSUU          10                  119.14                 3.57                               4.91                                    1.12

  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDDDDDSUU   0                                                                                                                     

  PUSCH for CSI DDDDDDDSUU 11bit     0                                                                                                                     

  PUSCH for CSI DDDDDDDSUU 22bit     0                                                                                                                     

  PUCCH Format 1                     6                   123.65                 1.26                               9.43                                    5.64

  PUCCH Format 3 11bit               6                   121.56                 1.17                               7.34                                    3.55

  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               6                   119.94                 1.55                               5.72                                    1.93

  SSB                                4                   126.47                 0.48                               12.24                                   8.45

  PRACH Format 0                     4                   122.47                 2.66                               8.25                                    4.46

  PRACH Format B4                    5                   118.75                 2.55                               4.52                                    0.73

  PRACH Format C2                    2                   121.72                 1.50                               7.50                                    3.71

  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    4                   125.26                 1.45                               11.03                                   7.24

  PDSCH for Msg.2                    2                   124.75                 1.67                               10.52                                   6.73

  PUSCH of Msg.3                     8                   123.06                 1.50                               8.84                                    5.05

  PDSCH of Msg.4                     2                   126.75                 0.37                               12.53                                   8.74

  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        1                   123.90                 0.00                               9.68                                    5.89

  Unicast PDCCH                      7                   131.25                 1.29                               17.03                                   13.24

  PDSCH for eMBB DDDDDDDSUU          7                   133.90                 1.28                               19.68                                   15.89
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

From the representative values for Urban 2.6GHz TDD scenario, the
following observation is made:

\- PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDDDDDSUU is the worst channel
in terms of MIL, and can be the coverage bottleneck for the given
scenario.

\- In order to achieve the target MPL calculated from 400m ISD, the
following channel(s) needs to be enhanced:

\- PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDDDDDSUU

\- In order to achieve the target MPL calculated from 500m ISD, the
following channel(s) needs to be enhanced:

\- PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDDDDDSUU

#### 5.1.1.3 Rural 4GHz TDD NLOS O2I scenario

The representative values for the metrics are summarized below. Tables
5.1.1.3-1 to 5.1.1.3-6 shows the results with BS Tx power of 33 dBm/MHz
and 24 dBm/MHz, respectively.

Table 5.1.1.3-1: Representative values of MCL for Rural 4GHz TDD NLOS
O2I scenario with BS Tx power of 33 dBm/MHz

  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU               10                  137.58                 2.85
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          8                   138.13                 5.89
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU               13                  143.79                 2.06
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSUDDSUU          9                   139.46                 7.26
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU        0                                          
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSUDDSUU   0                                          
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDSU          0                   0.00                   0.00
  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDSU          0                   0.00                   0.00
  PUCCH Format 1                     10                  146.57                 1.84
  PUCCH Format 3 11bit               6                   144.91                 1.84
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               8                   142.29                 0.74
  SSB                                5                   155.08                 1.07
  PRACH Format 0                     2                   146.85                 1.98
  PRACH Format B4                    5                   145.11                 3.05
  PRACH Format C2                    0                                          
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    3                   152.95                 1.68
  PDSCH for Msg.2                    3                   154.15                 2.34
  PUSCH of Msg.3                     7                   143.86                 1.04
  PDSCH of Msg.4                     4                   154.40                 1.92
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        2                   149.99                 0.05
  Unicast PDCCH                      10                  156.11                 3.12
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSU               8                   152.81                 3.49
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          6                   152.21                 6.77

Table 5.1.1.3-2: Representative values of MIL for Rural 4GHz TDD NLOS
O2I scenario with BS Tx power of 33 dBm/MHz

  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Relative difference between channels
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU               10                  142.25                 1.75                               0.00
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          9                   144.22                 1.03                               1.97
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU               13                  148.04                 1.76                               5.79
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSUDDSUU          12                  147.87                 1.91                               5.62
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU        0                                                                             
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSUDDSUU   0                                                                             
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDSU          0                                                                             
  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDSU          0                                                                             
  PUCCH Format 1                     11                  152.06                 1.46                               9.81
  PUCCH Format 3 11bit               7                   150.63                 1.35                               8.38
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               9                   147.71                 1.50                               5.46
  SSB                                5                   157.19                 0.86                               14.94
  PRACH Format 0                     2                   150.85                 1.98                               8.60
  PRACH Format B4                    5                   146.48                 3.88                               4.23
  PRACH Format C2                    0                                                                             
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    3                   156.66                 0.71                               14.41
  PDSCH for Msg.2                    3                   156.20                 3.37                               13.95
  PUSCH of Msg.3                     9                   148.11                 1.58                               5.86
  PDSCH of Msg.4                     4                   156.67                 0.65                               14.42
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        2                   152.49                 1.45                               10.24
  Unicast PDCCH                      11                  160.10                 2.59                               17.86
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSU               8                   158.39                 2.78                               16.14
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          7                   158.53                 4.36                               16.28

Table 5.1.1.3-3: Representative values of MPL for Rural 4GHz TDD NLOS
O2I scenario with BS Tx power of 33 dBm/MHz

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Gap from Deployment dependent target\   Gap from Deployment dependent target\
                                                                                                                   1732m ISD=131.6dB                       3000m ISD=140.8dB
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU               12                  124.53                 2.35                               -7.05                                   -16.27

  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          11                  126.18                 1.88                               -5.39                                   -14.61

  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU               13                  129.69                 1.84                               -1.89                                   -11.11

  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSUDDSUU          12                  129.78                 1.60                               -1.80                                   -11.01

  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU        0                                                                                                                     

  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSUDDSUU   0                                                                                                                     

  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDSU          0                                                                                                                     

  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDSU          0                                                                                                                     

  PUCCH Format 1                     11                  130.34                 2.15                               -1.23                                   -10.45

  PUCCH Format 3 11bit               7                   129.04                 1.62                               -2.53                                   -11.75

  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               9                   126.09                 1.67                               -5.49                                   -14.71

  SSB                                5                   135.28                 1.38                               3.71                                    -5.51

  PRACH Format 0                     2                   129.33                 3.44                               -2.24                                   -11.46

  PRACH Format B4                    5                   125.85                 1.02                               -5.72                                   -14.94

  PRACH Format C2                    0                                                                                                                     

  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    3                   130.46                 4.80                               -1.11                                   -10.33

  PDSCH for Msg.2                    3                   137.89                 4.18                               6.32                                    -2.90

  PUSCH of Msg.3                     9                   129.68                 1.98                               -1.90                                   -11.12

  PDSCH of Msg.4                     4                   137.60                 0.79                               6.03                                    -3.19

  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        2                   130.10                 2.89                               -1.47                                   -10.69

  Unicast PDCCH                      11                  138.11                 2.05                               6.54                                    -2.68

  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSU               8                   140.03                 2.65                               8.45                                    -0.76

  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          7                   139.43                 3.85                               7.86                                    -1.36
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 5.1.1.3-4: Representative values of MCL for Rural 4GHz TDD NLOS
O2I scenario with BS Tx power of 24 dBm/MHz

  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU               10                  137.58                 2.85
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          8                   138.13                 5.89
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU               13                  143.79                 2.06
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSUDDSUU          9                   139.46                 7.26
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU        0                                          
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSUDDSUU   0                                          
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDSU          0                                          
  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDSU          0                                          
  PUCCH Format 1                     10                  146.57                 1.84
  PUCCH Format 3 11bit               6                   144.91                 1.84
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               8                   142.29                 0.74
  SSB                                5                   146.08                 1.07
  PRACH Format 0                     2                   146.85                 1.98
  PRACH Format B4                    5                   145.11                 3.05
  PRACH Format C2                    0                                          
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    3                   143.95                 1.68
  PDSCH for Msg.2                    3                   145.15                 2.34
  PUSCH of Msg.3                     7                   143.86                 1.04
  PDSCH of Msg.4                     4                   145.40                 1.92
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        2                   149.99                 0.05
  Unicast PDCCH                      10                  147.11                 3.12
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSU               8                   143.81                 3.49
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          6                   143.21                 6.77

Table 5.1.1.3-5: Representative values of MIL for Rural 4GHz TDD NLOS
O2I scenario with BS Tx power of 24 dBm/MHz

  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Relative difference between channels
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU               10                  142.25                 1.75                               0.00
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          9                   144.22                 1.03                               1.97
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU               13                  148.04                 1.76                               5.79
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSUDDSUU          12                  147.87                 1.91                               5.62
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU        0                                                                             
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSUDDSUU   0                                                                             
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDSU          0                                                                             
  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDSU          0                                                                             
  PUCCH Format 1                     11                  152.06                 1.46                               9.81
  PUCCH Format 3 11bit               7                   150.63                 1.35                               8.38
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               9                   147.71                 1.50                               5.46
  SSB                                5                   148.19                 0.86                               5.94
  PRACH Format 0                     2                   150.85                 1.98                               8.60
  PRACH Format B4                    5                   146.48                 3.88                               4.23
  PRACH Format C2                    0                                                                             
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    3                   147.66                 0.71                               5.41
  PDSCH for Msg.2                    3                   147.20                 3.37                               4.95
  PUSCH of Msg.3                     9                   148.11                 1.58                               5.86
  PDSCH of Msg.4                     4                   147.67                 0.65                               5.42
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        2                   152.49                 1.45                               10.24
  Unicast PDCCH                      11                  151.10                 2.59                               8.86
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSU               8                   149.39                 2.78                               7.14
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          7                   149.53                 4.36                               7.28

Table 5.1.1.3-6: Representative values of MPL for Rural 4GHz TDD NLOS
O2I scenario with BS Tx power of 24 dBm/MHz

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Gap from Deployment dependent target\   Gap from Deployment dependent target\
                                                                                                                   1732m ISD=131.6dB                       3000m ISD=140.8dB
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU               12                  124.53                 2.35                               -7.05                                   -16.27

  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          11                  126.18                 1.88                               -5.39                                   -14.61

  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU               13                  129.69                 1.84                               -1.89                                   -11.11

  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSUDDSUU          12                  129.78                 1.60                               -1.80                                   -11.01

  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU        0                                                                                                                     

  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSUDDSUU   0                                                                                                                     

  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDSU          0                                                                                                                     

  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDSU          0                                                                                                                     

  PUCCH Format 1                     11                  130.34                 2.15                               -1.23                                   -10.45

  PUCCH Format 3 11bit               7                   129.04                 1.62                               -2.53                                   -11.75

  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               9                   126.09                 1.67                               -5.49                                   -14.71

  SSB                                5                   126.28                 1.38                               -5.29                                   -14.51

  PRACH Format 0                     2                   129.33                 3.44                               -2.24                                   -11.46

  PRACH Format B4                    5                   125.85                 1.02                               -5.72                                   -14.94

  PRACH Format C2                    0                                                                                                                     

  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    3                   121.46                 4.80                               -10.11                                  -19.33

  PDSCH for Msg.2                    3                   128.89                 4.18                               -2.68                                   -11.90

  PUSCH of Msg.3                     9                   129.68                 1.98                               -1.90                                   -11.12

  PDSCH of Msg.4                     4                   128.60                 0.79                               -2.97                                   -12.19

  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        2                   130.10                 2.89                               -1.47                                   -10.69

  Unicast PDCCH                      11                  129.11                 2.05                               -2.46                                   -11.68

  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSU               8                   131.03                 2.65                               -0.55                                   -9.76

  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          7                   130.43                 3.85                               -1.14                                   -10.36
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

From the representative values for Rural 4GHz TDD NLOS O2I scenario, the
following observation is made:

\- PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDSU is the worst channel in
terms of MIL, and can be the coverage bottleneck for the given scenario.

\- In order to achieve the target MPL calculated from 1732m ISD, the
following channel(s) needs to be enhanced for BS with 33dBm/MHz transmit
power:

\- PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDSU

\- PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDSUDDSUU

\- PUSCH for VoIP with frame structure DDDSU

\- PUSCH for VoIP with frame structure DDDSUDDSUU

\- PUCCH Format 1

\- PUCCH Format 3 with 11bit payload

\- PUCCH Format 3 with 22bit payload

\- PRACH Format 0

\- However, due to the lack of the number of samples, the statistical
correctness of this estimation has not been pursued in this study item.

\- PRACH Format B4

\- Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)

\- However, due to the lack of the number of samples, the statistical
correctness of this estimation has not been pursued in this study item.

\- PUSCH of Msg.3

\- PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4

\- However, due to the lack of the number of samples, the statistical
correctness of this estimation has not been pursued in this study item.

\- Achievement of the target MPL calculated from 3000m ISD is not easy
because it requires enhancements for all the channels

\- Especially, PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDSU requires huge
amount of enhancement

#### 5.1.1.4 Rural 2.6GHz TDD NLOS O2I scenario

The representative values for the metrics are summarized in Tables
5.1.1.4-1 to 5.1.1.4-3.

Table 5.1.1.4-1: Representative values of MCL for Rural 2.6GHz TDD NLOS
O2I scenario

  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDDDDDSUU          7                   137.71                 3.63
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDDDDDSUU          6                   143.65                 1.59
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDDDDDSUU   0                                          
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDDDDDSUU     0                                          
  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDDDDDSUU     0                                          
  PUCCH Format 1                     5                   147.94                 0.59
  PUCCH Format 3 11bit               4                   146.40                 0.66
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               3                   144.94                 1.25
  SSB                                4                   155.94                 0.93
  PRACH Format 0                     4                   149.49                 0.68
  PRACH Format B4                    6                   148.61                 1.39
  PRACH Format C2                    2                   146.76                 1.50
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    3                   154.68                 2.34
  PDSCH for Msg.2                    1                   151.02                 0.00
  PUSCH of Msg.3                     5                   144.51                 0.75
  PDSCH of Msg.4                     2                   154.60                 2.08
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        1                   150.20                 0.00
  Unicast PDCCH                      5                   156.44                 2.43
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDDDDDSUU          5                   156.11                 4.06

Table 5.1.1.4-2: Representative values of MIL for Rural 2.6GHz TDD NLOS
O2I scenario

  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Relative difference between channels
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDDDDDSUU          7                   142.46                 1.05                               0.00
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDDDDDSUU          6                   147.65                 1.59                               5.19
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDDDDDSUU   0                                                                             
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDDDDDSUU     0                                                                             
  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDDDDDSUU     0                                                                             
  PUCCH Format 1                     5                   151.50                 0.04                               9.04
  PUCCH Format 3 11bit               4                   149.30                 0.45                               6.84
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               3                   147.94                 2.07                               5.48
  SSB                                4                   157.11                 0.75                               14.65
  PRACH Format 0                     4                   153.49                 0.68                               11.03
  PRACH Format B4                    6                   152.61                 1.39                               10.15
  PRACH Format C2                    2                   150.76                 1.50                               8.30
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    3                   156.80                 3.35                               14.34
  PDSCH for Msg.2                    1                   152.37                 0.00                               9.91
  PUSCH of Msg.3                     5                   147.90                 0.15                               5.44
  PDSCH of Msg.4                     2                   155.78                 1.91                               13.32
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        1                   151.20                 0.00                               8.74
  Unicast PDCCH                      5                   161.62                 1.47                               19.16
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDDDDDSUU          5                   162.47                 4.11                               20.01

Table 5.1.1.4-3: Representative values of MPL for Rural 2.6GHz TDD NLOS
O2I scenario

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Gap from Deployment dependent target\
                                                                                                                   1732m ISD=127.8dB
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDDDDDSUU          7                   123.97                 1.73                               -3.86

  PUSCH for VoIP DDDDDDDSUU          6                   129.88                 1.18                               2.04

  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDDDDDSUU   0                                                                             

  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDDDDDSUU     0                                                                             

  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDDDDDSUU     0                                                                             

  PUCCH Format 1                     5                   130.17                 1.25                               2.33

  PUCCH Format 3 11bit               4                   127.33                 1.46                               -0.50

  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               3                   126.24                 3.00                               -1.60

  SSB                                4                   134.81                 0.16                               6.97

  PRACH Format 0                     4                   132.99                 0.23                               5.15

  PRACH Format B4                    6                   131.88                 1.24                               4.05

  PRACH Format C2                    2                   129.81                 1.50                               1.98

  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    3                   131.09                 6.91                               3.25

  PDSCH for Msg.2                    1                   132.71                 0.00                               4.88

  PUSCH of Msg.3                     5                   129.81                 1.24                               1.97

  PDSCH of Msg.4                     2                   136.00                 1.79                               8.17

  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        1                   127.99                 0.00                               0.16

  Unicast PDCCH                      5                   139.24                 1.08                               11.40

  PDSCH for eMBB DDDDDDDSUU          5                   143.95                 3.88                               16.11
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

From the representative values for Rural 2.6GHz TDD NLOS O2I scenario,
the following observation is made:

\- PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDDDDDSUU is the worst channel
in terms of MIL, and can be the coverage bottleneck for the given
scenario.

\- In order to achieve the target MPL calculated from 1732m ISD, the
following channel(s) needs to be enhanced:

\- PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDDDDDSUU

\- PUCCH format 3 with 11bit payload

\- PUCCH format 3 with 22bit payload

\- However, due to the lack of the number of samples, the statistical
correctness of this estimation has not been pursued in this study item.

#### 5.1.1.5 Rural 2GHz FDD NLOS O2I scenario

The representative values for the metrics are summarized in Tables
5.1.1.5-1 to 5.1.1.6-3.

Table 5.1.1.5-1: Representative values of MCL for Rural 2GHz FDD NLOS
O2I scenario

  Channels (and Frame format)       Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)
  --------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB UUUUU              8                   131.28                 1.38
  PUSCH for VoIP UUUUU              9                   133.04                 1.56
  PUSCH with SIP invite UUUUU       1                   130.86                 0.00
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit UUUUU         0                                          
  PUSCH for CSI 22bit UUUUU         0                                          
  PUCCH Format 1                    8                   135.77                 0.44
  PUCCH Format 3 11bit              6                   133.33                 0.25
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit              5                   131.45                 1.00
  SSB                               3                   149.20                 2.14
  PRACH Format 0                    2                   133.33                 3.19
  PRACH Format B4                   4                   132.26                 2.13
  PRACH Format C2                   0                                          
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)   2                   147.84                 0.42
  PDSCH for Msg.2                   1                   147.17                 0.00
  PUSCH of Msg.3                    5                   133.13                 0.60
  PDSCH of Msg.4                    2                   147.73                 0.18
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4       2                   144.85                 7.91
  Unicast PDCCH                     7                   148.63                 1.59
  PDSCH for eMBB UUUUU              7                   145.18                 2.25

Table 5.1.1.5-2: Representative values of MIL for Rural 2GHz FDD NLOS
O2I scenario

  Channels (and Frame format)       Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Relative difference between channels
  --------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB UUUUU              8                   145.20                 1.86                               2.85
  PUSCH for VoIP UUUUU              12                  147.34                 1.66                               4.99
  PUSCH with SIP invite UUUUU       1                   142.92                 0.00                               0.57
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit UUUUU         0                                                                             
  PUSCH for CSI 22bit UUUUU         0                                                                             
  PUCCH Format 1                    9                   151.38                 1.63                               9.03
  PUCCH Format 3 11bit              7                   148.72                 1.62                               6.38
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit              6                   146.96                 1.18                               4.61
  SSB                               3                   157.42                 4.00                               15.08
  PRACH Format 0                    2                   149.37                 3.18                               7.02
  PRACH Format B4                   4                   142.35                 2.02                               0.00
  PRACH Format C2                   0                                                                             
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)   2                   153.66                 0.01                               11.32
  PDSCH for Msg.2                   1                   152.56                 0.00                               10.22
  PUSCH of Msg.3                    7                   147.14                 3.66                               4.79
  PDSCH of Msg.4                    2                   153.55                 0.25                               11.21
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4       2                   139.95                 3.24                               -2.40
  Unicast PDCCH                     8                   161.79                 1.12                               19.44
  PDSCH for eMBB UUUUU              8                   158.80                 1.84                               16.46

Table 5.1.1.5-3: Representative values of MPL for Rural 2GHz FDD NLOS
O2I scenario

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Channels (and Frame format)       Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Gap from Deployment dependent target\
                                                                                                                  1732m ISD=125.6dB
  --------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB UUUUU              9                   127.16                 2.40                               1.61

  PUSCH for VoIP UUUUU              12                  129.20                 1.97                               3.65

  PUSCH with SIP invite UUUUU       1                   123.46                 0.00                               -2.09

  PUSCH for CSI 11bit UUUUU         0                                                                             

  PUSCH for CSI 22bit UUUUU         0                                                                             

  PUCCH Format 1                    9                   130.02                 2.17                               4.47

  PUCCH Format 3 11bit              7                   127.24                 2.24                               1.69

  PUCCH Format 3 22bit              6                   125.76                 0.91                               0.21

  SSB                               3                   136.97                 6.12                               11.42

  PRACH Format 0                    2                   128.42                 3.18                               2.87

  PRACH Format B4                   4                   122.45                 0.96                               -3.10

  PRACH Format C2                   0                   0.00                   0.00                               

  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)   2                   131.80                 0.91                               6.24

  PDSCH for Msg.2                   1                   134.93                 0.00                               9.38

  PUSCH of Msg.3                    7                   128.86                 3.92                               3.31

  PDSCH of Msg.4                    2                   135.01                 0.66                               9.45

  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4       2                   126.11                 5.70                               0.55

  Unicast PDCCH                     8                   140.37                 1.76                               14.81

  PDSCH for eMBB UUUUU              8                   140.58                 1.86                               15.02
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

From the representative values for Rural 2GHz FDD NLOS O2I scenario, the
following observation is made:

\- PRACH format B4 is the worst channel in terms of MIL, and can be the
coverage bottleneck for the given scenario.

\- Since the number of samples to derive the representative value is 4,
further analysis is advisable for more accurate MIL estimation on this
channel as necessity. It has not been pursued in this study item.

\- In order to achieve the target MPL calculated from 1732m ISD, the
following channel(s) needs to be enhanced:

\- PUSCH with SIP invite

\- However, due to the lack of the number of samples, the statistical
correctness of this estimation has not been pursued in this study item.

\- PRACH format B4

#### 5.1.1.6 Rural 700MHz FDD NLOS O2I scenario

The representative values for the metrics are summarized in Tables
5.1.1.6-1 to 5.1.1.6-3.

Table 5.1.1.6-1: Representative values of MCL for Rural 700MHz FDD NLOS
O2I scenario

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Channels (and Frame format)       Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Gap from Service dependent target\
                                                                                                                  MCL=139.2dB
  --------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- ------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB UUUUU              11                  132.45                 2.19                               N/A

  PUSCH for VoIP UUUUU              10                  134.19                 1.55                               -5.01

  PUSCH with SIP invite UUUUU       1                   135.00                 0.00                               -4.20

  PUSCH for CSI 11bit UUUUU         2                   137.75                 3.05                               -1.45

  PUSCH for CSI 22bit UUUUU         2                   136.25                 3.05                               -2.95

  PUCCH Format 1                    8                   137.52                 2.97                               -1.68

  PUCCH Format 3 11bit              5                   135.85                 1.63                               -3.35

  PUCCH Format 3 22bit              5                   130.99                 0.31                               N/A

  SSB                               5                   149.16                 0.39                               9.96

  PRACH Format 0                    9                   139.30                 3.96                               0.10

  PRACH Format B4                   3                   132.69                 2.28                               -6.51

  PRACH Format C2                   0                                                                             

  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)   4                   146.15                 1.54                               6.95

  PDSCH for Msg.2                   6                   143.86                 2.42                               4.66

  PUSCH of Msg.3                    7                   134.71                 1.38                               -4.49

  PDSCH of Msg.4                    4                   145.39                 0.30                               6.19

  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4       1                   136.93                 0.00                               -2.27

  Unicast PDCCH                     9                   146.37                 1.20                               7.17

  PDSCH for eMBB UUUUU              10                  144.43                 3.36                               N/A
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Table 5.1.1.6-2: Representative values of MIL for Rural 700MHz FDD NLOS
O2I scenario

  Channels (and Frame format)       Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Relative difference between channels
  --------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB UUUUU              11                  144.76                 2.45                               0.22
  PUSCH for VoIP UUUUU              10                  146.94                 1.91                               2.40
  PUSCH with SIP invite UUUUU       1                   148.30                 0.00                               3.76
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit UUUUU         2                   151.15                 2.95                               6.61
  PUSCH for CSI 22bit UUUUU         2                   149.60                 2.90                               5.06
  PUCCH Format 1                    8                   150.54                 2.20                               6.00
  PUCCH Format 3 11bit              5                   148.87                 1.00                               4.33
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit              5                   144.54                 1.92                               0.00
  SSB                               5                   160.31                 1.71                               15.77
  PRACH Format 0                    9                   150.90                 5.95                               6.36
  PRACH Format B4                   3                   142.19                 5.32                               -2.35
  PRACH Format C2                   0                                                                             
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)   4                   157.16                 0.56                               12.62
  PDSCH for Msg.2                   6                   155.83                 3.40                               11.29
  PUSCH of Msg.3                    7                   147.50                 1.58                               2.96
  PDSCH of Msg.4                    4                   158.06                 0.06                               13.52
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4       1                   142.41                 0.00                               -2.13
  Unicast PDCCH                     9                   157.53                 1.41                               12.99
  PDSCH for eMBB UUUUU              10                  155.63                 3.00                               11.09

Table 5.1.1.6-3: Representative values of MPL for Rural 700MHz FDD NLOS
O2I scenario

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Channels (and Frame format)       Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Gap from Deployment dependent target\   Gap from Deployment dependent target\
                                                                                                                  3000m ISD=125.7dB                       4000m ISD=130.5dB
  --------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB UUUUU              11                  127.43                 2.55                               1.78                                    -3.05

  PUSCH for VoIP UUUUU              10                  129.26                 1.94                               3.60                                    -1.22

  PUSCH with SIP invite UUUUU       1                   133.10                 0.00                               7.45                                    2.62

  PUSCH for CSI 11bit UUUUU         2                   135.90                 3.00                               10.25                                   5.42

  PUSCH for CSI 22bit UUUUU         2                   134.40                 2.90                               8.75                                    3.92

  PUCCH Format 1                    8                   129.47                 2.33                               3.82                                    -1.01

  PUCCH Format 3 11bit              5                   127.90                 0.99                               2.25                                    -2.58

  PUCCH Format 3 22bit              5                   123.37                 0.76                               -2.28                                   -7.11

  SSB                               5                   140.66                 1.32                               15.01                                   10.18

  PRACH Format 0                    9                   132.71                 7.89                               7.06                                    2.23

  PRACH Format B4                   3                   121.17                 5.43                               -4.48                                   -9.31

  PRACH Format C2                   0                                                                                                                     

  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)   4                   138.38                 1.62                               12.73                                   7.90

  PDSCH for Msg.2                   6                   139.04                 3.84                               13.39                                   8.56

  PUSCH of Msg.3                    7                   129.88                 1.58                               4.23                                    -0.60

  PDSCH of Msg.4                    4                   140.45                 0.05                               14.79                                   9.97

  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4       1                   121.22                 0.00                               -4.43                                   -9.26

  Unicast PDCCH                     9                   137.31                 2.15                               11.65                                   6.83

  PDSCH for eMBB UUUUU              10                  138.06                 3.59                               12.40                                   7.58
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

From the representative values for Rural 700MHz FDD NLOS O2I scenario,
the following observation is made:

\- For the service based requirement for VoIP that is defined by 139.2dB
MCL, the following channels can be bottlenecks for the given scenario.

\- PUSCH for VoIP

\- PUSCH with SIP invite

\- However, due to the lack of the number of samples, the statistical
correctness of this estimation has not been pursued in this study item.

\- PUSCH for CSI with 11bit payload

\- However, due to the lack of the number of samples, the statistical
correctness of this estimation has not been pursued in this study item.

\- PUSCH for CSI with 22bit payload

\- However, due to the lack of the number of samples, the statistical
correctness of this estimation has not been pursued in this study item.

\- PUCCH Format 1

\- PUCCH Format 3 with 11bit payload

\- PRACH Format B4

\- However, due to the lack of the number of samples, the statistical
correctness of this estimation has not been pursued in this study item.

\- PUSCH of Msg.3

\- PUCCH format 3 with 22 bit payload is the worst channel in terms of
MIL, and can be the coverage bottleneck for the given scenario.

\- As the table of representative values (in annex) shows, the gap
between the worst and the 2^nd^ worst channel (PUSCH for eMBB) is
relatively small, i.e. in the range of standard deviation. Thus more
analysis is necessary for the accurate bottleneck channel
identification. However, it has not been pursued in this study item.

\- In order to achieve the target MPL calculated from 3000m ISD, the
following channel(s) needs to be enhanced:

\- PUCCH Format 3 with 22 bit payload

\- PRACH format B4

\- However, due to the lack of the number of samples, the statistical
correctness of this estimation has not been pursued in this study item.

\- PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4

\- However, due to the lack of the number of samples, the statistical
correctness of this estimation has not been pursued in this study item.

\- In order to achieve the target MPL calculated from 4000m ISD, the
following channel(s) needs to be enhanced:

\- PUSCH for eMBB

\- PUSCH for VoIP

\- PUCCH Format 1

\- PUCCH Format 3 with 11bit payload

\- PUCCH Format 3 with 22bit payload

\- PRACH Format B4

\- However, due to the lack of the number of samples, the statistical
correctness of this estimation has not been pursued in this study item.

\- PUSCH of Msg.3

\- However as shown by standard deviation in the table, this additional
gain may be achieved by the existing technologies or parameter
optimization, which means that a new functionality in Rel-17 is not
always required.

\- PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4

\- However, due to the lack of the number of samples, the statistical
correctness of this estimation has not been pursued in this study item.

#### 5.1.1.7 Rural 4GHz with long distance TDD LOS O2O scenario

The representative values for the metrics are summarized in Tables
5.1.1.7-1 to 5.1.1.7-3.

Table 5.1.1.7-1: Representative values of MCL for Rural 4GHz with long
distance TDD LOS O2O scenario

  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU               6                   132.14                 1.85
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          3                   134.31                 0.00
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU               6                   140.57                 4.40
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSUDDSUU          3                   145.71                 7.18
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU        0                                          
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSUDDSUU   0                                          
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDSU          0                                          
  PUSCH for CSI 22 bit DDDSU         0                                          
  PUCCH Format 1                     0                                          
  PUCCH Format 3 11bit               2                   149.47                 0.44
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               1                   147.97                 0.00
  SSB                                0                                          
  PRACH Format 0                     2                   152.97                 0.22
  PRACH Format B4                    2                   150.15                 0.98
  PRACH Format C2                    2                   148.41                 2.22
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    0                                          
  PDSCH for Msg.2                    1                   162.63                 0.00
  PUSCH of Msg.3                     1                   152.55                 0.00
  PDSCH of Msg.4                     2                   146.18                 0.32
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        1                   152.83                 0.00
  Unicast PDCCH                      1                   152.83                 0.00
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSU               3                   155.09                 5.38
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          1                   146.98                 0.00

Table 5.1.1.7-2: Representative values of MIL for Rural 4GHz with long
distance TDD LOS O2O scenario

  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Relative difference between channels
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU               6                   140.28                 2.65                               0.00
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          3                   143.33                 0.00                               3.04
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU               6                   149.06                 3.00                               8.78
  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSUDDSUU          3                   154.73                 1.71                               14.45
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU        0                                                                             
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSUDDSUU   0                                                                             
  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDSU          0                                                                             
  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDSU          0                                                                             
  PUCCH Format 1                     0                                                                             
  PUCCH Format 3 11bit               2                   153.47                 0.44                               13.18
  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               1                   151.97                 0.00                               11.69
  SSB                                0                                                                             
  PRACH Format 0                     2                   156.97                 0.22                               16.68
  PRACH Format B4                    2                   154.15                 0.98                               13.87
  PRACH Format C2                    2                   152.41                 2.22                               16.68
  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    0                                                                             
  PDSCH for Msg.2                    1                   163.98                 0.00                               23.70
  PUSCH of Msg.3                     1                   153.90                 0.00                               13.62
  PDSCH of Msg.4                     2                   150.18                 0.32                               9.90
  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        1                   154.18                 0.00                               13.90
  Unicast PDCCH                      1                   154.18                 0.00                               13.90
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSU               3                   163.23                 6.93                               22.94
  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          1                   166.03                 0.00                               25.75

Table 5.1.1.7-3: Representative values of MPL for Rural 4GHz with long
distance TDD LOS O2O scenario

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Channels (and Frame format)        Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Gap from Deployment dependent target\
                                                                                                                   12km ISD=132.4dB
  ---------------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU               6                   129.28                 1.82                               -3.15

  PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          3                   130.01                 0.00                               -2.42

  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU               6                   137.59                 1.64                               5.16

  PUSCH for VoIP DDDSUDDSUU          3                   141.42                 1.15                               8.99

  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU        0                                                                             

  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSUDDSUU   0                                                                             

  PUSCH for CSI 11bit DDDSU          0                                                                             

  PUSCH for CSI 22bit DDDSU          0                                                                             

  PUCCH Format 1                     0                                                                             

  PUCCH Format 3 11bit               2                   137.38                 1.41                               4.95

  PUCCH Format 3 22bit               1                   134.91                 0.00                               2.48

  SSB                                0                                                                             

  PRACH Format 0                     2                   143.89                 0.94                               11.46

  PRACH Format B4                    2                   138.07                 1.96                               5.63

  PRACH Format C2                    2                   136.32                 3.19                               3.89

  Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2)    0                                                                             

  PDSCH for Msg.2                    1                   146.92                 0.00                               14.49

  PUSCH of Msg.3                     1                   140.11                 0.00                               7.68

  PDSCH of Msg.4                     2                   137.11                 0.39                               4.67

  PUCCH w/ HARQ-ACK for Msg.4        1                   140.39                 0.00                               7.96

  Unicast PDCCH                      1                   140.39                 0.00                               7.96

  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSU               3                   146.02                 5.18                               13.59

  PDSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU          1                   148.40                 0.00                               15.97
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For Rural 4GHz with long distance TDD LOS O2O scenario, the following
observation is made:

\- PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDSU is the worst channel in
terms of MIL. However, due to the lack of the number of samples for each
channel, the statistical analysis by relative difference between
channels could not be performed.

\- In order to achieve the target MPL calculated from 12km ISD, at least
the following channel(s) needs to be enhanced:

\- PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDSU

\- PUSCH for eMBB with frame structure DDDSUDDSUU

\- This does not mean that other channels do not require any
enhancements. RAN1 did not perform any analysis for this point because
of the lack of the number of samples for each channel for this scenario.

### 5.1.2 Bottleneck identification by representative values 

Bottleneck identification is performed by the following procedure:

\- The potential bottleneck channels identified by absolute metrics,
then

\- The potential bottleneck channels identified by absolute metrics can
be further filtered by using relative difference between channels in MIL

The result of the bottleneck channel identification by the procedure
above is summarized in Table 5.1.2-1.

Table 5.1.2-1: Potential bottleneck channels for FR1

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Scenario                                    Target metrics                            Channels (and Frame format)                               MIL                                                                                       
  ------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------- -------------------------- -------------------------------------- --------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                  **Number of samples**   **Representative value**   **Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)**   **Gap from the worst channel**

  Urban 4GHz TDD                              Scenario dependent target\                PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU                                      14                      139.01                     0.97                                   0.00
                                              ISD=400m                                                                                                                                                                                      

                                                                                        PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU                                 12                      140.33                     0.95                                   1.32

                                                                                        Broadcast PDCCH(PDCCH of Msg.2) (24dBm/MHz DL Tx power)   7                       149.54                     2.12                                   10.53

  Urban 2.6GHz TDD                            Scenario dependent target\                PUSCH for eMBB DDDDDDDSUU                                 10                      139.66                     1.12                                   0.00
                                              ISD=400m                                                                                                                                                                                      

  Rural 4GHz TDD NLOS O2I                     Scenario dependent target\                PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU                                      10                      142.25                     1.75                                   0.00
                                              ISD=1732m with BS Tx power of 33dBm/MHz                                                                                                                                                       

                                                                                        PUSCH for eMBB DDDSUDDSUU                                 9                       144.22                     1.03                                   1.97

                                                                                        PRACH Format B4                                           5                       146.48                     3.88                                   4.23

                                                                                        PUCCH Format 3 22bit                                      9                       147.71                     1.50                                   5.46

                                                                                        PUSCH for VoIP DDDSUDDSUU                                 12                      147.87                     1.91                                   5.62

                                                                                        PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU                                      13                      148.04                     1.76                                   5.79

                                                                                        PUSCH of Msg.3                                            9                       148.11                     1.58                                   5.86

                                                                                        PUCCH Format 3 11bit                                      7                       150.63                     1.35                                   8.38

                                                                                        PUCCH Format 1                                            11                      152.06                     1.46                                   9.81

  Rural 2.6GHz TDD NLOS O2I                   Scenario dependent target\                PUSCH for eMBB DDDDDDDSUU                                 7                       142.46                     1.05                                   0.00
                                              ISD=1732m                                                                                                                                                                                     

                                                                                        PUCCH Format 3 11bit                                      4                       149.30                     0.45                                   6.84

  Rural 2GHz FDD NLOS O2I                     Scenario dependent target\                PRACH Format B4                                           4                       142.35                     2.02                                   0.00
                                              ISD=1732m                                                                                                                                                                                     

  Rural 700MHz FDD NLOS O2I                   Service dependent target\                 PUSCH for VoIP UUUUU                                      10                      146.94                     1.91                                   0.00
                                              MCL=139.2dB                                                                                                                                                                                   

                                                                                        PUSCH of Msg.3                                            7                       147.50                     1.58                                   0.56

                                                                                        PUCCH Format 3 11bit                                      5                       148.87                     1.00                                   1.92

                                                                                        PUCCH Format 1                                            8                       150.54                     2.20                                   3.60

                                              Scenario dependent target\                PUCCH Format 3 22bit                                      5                       144.54                     1.92                                   0.00
                                              ISD=4000m                                                                                                                                                                                     

                                                                                        PUSCH for eMBB UUUUU                                      11                      144.76                     2.45                                   0.22

                                                                                        PUSCH for VoIP UUUUU                                      10                      146.94                     1.91                                   2.40

                                                                                        PUSCH of Msg.3                                            7                       147.50                     1.58                                   2.96

                                                                                        PUCCH Format 3 11bit                                      5                       148.87                     1.00                                   4.33

                                                                                        PUCCH Format 1                                            8                       150.54                     2.20                                   6.00

  Rural 4GHz with long distance TDD LOS O2O   Scenario dependent target\                PUSCH for eMBB DDDSU                                      6                       140.28                     2.65                                   0.00
                                              ISD=12km                                                                                                                                                                                      

                                                                                        PUSCH for VoIP DDDSU                                      6                       149.06                     3.00                                   8.78
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following channels are identified as the potential bottleneck
channels derived from the absolute metrics (i.e. service dependent
metric and scenario dependent metric) and the relative metric (i.e.
relative difference between channels)

\- 1st priority

\- PUSCH for eMBB (for FDD and TDD with DDDSU, DDDSUDDSUU and
DDDDDDDSUU)

\- PUSCH for VoIP (for FDD and TDD with DDDSU, DDDSUDDSUU)

\- 2nd priority

\- PRACH format B4

\- PUSCH of Msg.3

\- PUCCH format 1

\- PUCCH format 3 with 11bit

\- PUCCH format 3 with 22bit

\- Broadcast PDCCH

### 5.1.3 Observation from the simulation result not using representative values 

One source (R1-2007741) evaluated the target performance, i.e. the 5th
percentile geometry SINR value, based on system-level simulation.
Compared to the baseline performance, i.e., required SNR based on link
level simulation, the following is observed for FR1. The details are
shown in Table 1-15 of Annex B.

\- In Urban 4 GHz O2I scenario with ISD 500m, PUSCH eMBB, PUSCH VoIP,
Msg3, PRACH B4, PUCCH Format 1 with 2 bits, PUCCH Format 3 with 11
bits and PUCCH Format 3 with 22 bits require coverage compensation

\- In Rural 4 GHz O2I scenario with ISD 1732m, PUSCH eMBB, Msg3, PRACH
B4, PUCCH Format 1 with 2 bits, PUCCH Format 3 with 11
bits and PUCCH Format 3 with 22 bits require coverage compensation

\- In Rural 2.6 GHz O2I scenario with ISD 1732m, PUSCH eMBB, Msg3, PRACH
B4, PUCCH Format 1 with 2 bits, PUCCH Format 3 with 11 bits
and PUCCH Format 3 with 22 bits, require coverage compensation

\- In Rural 700MHz O2O scenario with ISD 1732m, no channel requires
coverage compensation.

\- In Rural with long distance 700MHz O2O scenario with ISD 12km, no
channel requires coverage compensation.

5.2 Baseline coverage performance for FR2
-----------------------------------------

### 5.2.1 Representative values and observation for each scenario 

#### 5.2.1.1 Urban 28GHz TDD NLOS O2I scenario

The representative values for the metrics are summarized below. Table
5.2.1.1-1 to 5.2.1.1-3 show the results for UE Tx power of 12 dBm.

Table 5.2.1.1-1: Representative values of MCL for Urban 28GHz TDD NLOS
O2I scenario for UE Tx power of 12 dBm.

  Channels (and Frame format)   Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)
  ----------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------------------
  PUSCH eMBB DDDSU              9                   94.05                  5.81
  PUSCH eMBB DDSU               3                   90.38                  5.87
  PUSCH VoIP DDDSU              6                   107.66                 4.68
  PUSCH VoIP DDSU               4                   103.13                 0.97
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU   1                   130.40                 0.00
  PUSCH for CSI 11bits DDDSU    2                   133.10                 3.10
  PUSCH for CSI 22bits DDDSU    2                   131.60                 0.10
  PUCCH Format 1                8                   109.37                 6.14
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits         8                   109.88                 5.32
  PUCCH Format 3 22bits         7                   106.45                 5.17
  SSB                           6                   131.14                 2.14
  PRACH Format B4               6                   116.28                 2.93
  PRACH Format C2               0                                           
  PDCCH of Msg2                 5                   132.49                 3.29
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDDSU           2                   136.38                 11.02
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDSU            1                   125.36                 0.00
  PUSCH of Msg3                 7                   110.81                 5.61
  PDSCH of Msg4                 4                   129.91                 3.20
  PUCCH with HARQ-ACK Msg4      1                   119.69                 0.00
  PDCCH                         10                  132.89                 5.53
  PDSCH eMBB DDDSU              9                   124.51                 3.25
  PDSCH eMBB DDSU               3                   121.94                 1.69

Table 5.2.1.1-2: Representative values of MIL for Urban 28GHz TDD NLOS
O2I scenario for UE Tx power of 12 dBm.

  Channels (and Frame format)   Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Relative difference vs. PUCCH Format 1
  ----------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
  PUSCH eMBB DDDSU              9                   125.31                 3.78                               -17.83
  PUSCH eMBB DDSU               3                   123.94                 1.74                               -19.20
  PUSCH VoIP DDDSU              6                   140.46                 1.94                               -2.68
  PUSCH VoIP DDSU               4                   139.26                 0.93                               -3.88
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU   1                   139.40                 0.00                               -3.74
  PUSCH for CSI 11bits DDDSU    2                   142.50                 3.70                               -0.64
  PUSCH for CSI 22bits DDDSU    2                   140.45                 0.15                               -2.69
  PUCCH Format 1                8                   143.14                 4.53                               0.00
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits         8                   142.27                 3.16                               -0.86
  PUCCH Format 3 22bits         7                   139.18                 2.58                               -3.96
  SSB                           6                   155.47                 3.37                               12.34
  PRACH Format B4               6                   141.22                 5.70                               -1.92
  PRACH Format C2               0                                                                             
  PDCCH of Msg2                 5                   151.83                 0.31                               8.69
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDDSU           2                   153.95                 3.56                               10.81
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDSU            1                   150.39                 0.00                               7.25
  PUSCH of Msg3                 7                   139.72                 5.69                               -3.41
  PDSCH of Msg4                 4                   150.01                 1.72                               6.87
  PUCCH with HARQ-ACK Msg4      1                   141.35                 0.00                               -1.79
  PDCCH                         10                  158.70                 4.47                               15.56
  PDSCH eMBB DDDSU              9                   154.36                 4.54                               11.23
  PDSCH eMBB DDSU               3                   154.14                 5.21                               11.00

Table 5.2.1.1-3: Representative values of MPL for Urban 28GHz TDD NLOS
O2I scenario for UE Tx power of 12dBm.

  Channels (and Frame format)   Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Gap from 200m ISD requirement (123.1dB)
  ----------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- -----------------------------------------
  PUSCH eMBB DDDSU              10                  91.38                  1.62                               -31.72
  PUSCH eMBB DDSU               3                   92.76                  0.59                               -30.34
  PUSCH VoIP DDDSU              6                   108.82                 1.46                               -14.28
  PUSCH VoIP DDSU               4                   109.16                 0.25                               -13.95
  PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU   1                   106.10                 0.00                               -17.00
  PUSCH for CSI 11bits DDDSU    2                   109.20                 3.70                               -13.90
  PUSCH for CSI 22bits DDDSU    2                   107.20                 0.10                               -15.90
  PUCCH Format 1                7                   105.94                 2.05                               -17.16
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits         7                   105.62                 2.11                               -17.48
  PUCCH Format 3 22bits         7                   102.78                 1.99                               -20.32
  SSB                           7                   120.44                 4.36                               -2.66
  PRACH Format B4               5                   102.80                 6.93                               -20.30
  PRACH Format C2               1                   95.22                  0.00                               -27.88
  PDCCH of Msg2                 4                   118.58                 0.23                               -4.52
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDDSU           2                   122.63                 1.58                               -0.47
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDSU            1                   121.05                 0.00                               -2.05
  PUSCH of Msg3                 7                   103.53                 5.74                               -19.57
  PDSCH of Msg4                 3                   118.82                 6.52                               -4.28
  PUCCH with HARQ-ACK Msg4      1                   99.65                  0.00                               -23.45
  PDCCH                         10                  125.75                 5.07                               2.65
  PDSCH eMBB DDDSU              9                   120.56                 7.31                               -2.54
  PDSCH eMBB DDSU               3                   122.96                 6.03                               -0.14

From the representative values for Urban 28GHz TDD NLOS O2I scenario,
the following observations can be made:

For the 1^st^ priority channels (with more than 2 available samples):

\- With absolute MPL target corresponding to ISD target 200m, only PDCCH
can meet the absolute MPL target. 1^st^ priority channels which do not
meet the absolute MPL target are:

\- PUSCH eMBB DDDSU

\- PUSCH eMBB DDSU

\- PUSCH VoIP DDDSU

\- PDSCH eMBB DDSU

\- PUCCH Format 1

\- PUCCH Format 3 11bits

\- PUCCH Format 3 22bits

\- SSB

\- PRACH Format B4: 20.30dB

\- PDCCH of Msg2

\- PUSCH of Msg3

\- PDSCH of Msg4

\- PDSCH eMBB DDDSU

\- PUSCH VoIP DDSU

\- With relative differential MIL target using PUCCH Format 1 as
reference, 1^st^ priority channels which display lower coverage than the
reference are:

\- PUSCH eMBB DDDSU

\- PUSCH eMBB DDSU

\- PUSCH VoIP DDDSU

\- PUSCH VoIP DDSU

\- PUCCH Format 3 11bits

\- PUCCH Format 3 22bits

\- PRACH Format B4

\- PUSCH of Msg3

For 2^nd^ priority channels (with less than 3 available samples):

\- With absolute MPL target of 200m ISD, no channel can meet the target.
2^nd^ priority channels which do not meet the absolute MPL target are:

\- PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU

\- PUSCH for CSI 11bits DDDSU

\- PUSCH for CSI 22bits DDDSU

\- PRACH Format C2

\- PDSCH of Msg2 DDDSU

\- PDSCH of Msg2 DDSU

\- PUCCH with HARQ-ACK Msg4

\- With relative differential MIL target using PUCCH Format 1 as
reference, 2^nd^ priority channels which display lower coverage than the
reference are:

\- PUSCH with SIP invite DDDSU

\- PUSCH for CSI 11bits DDDSU

\- PUSCH for CSI 22bits DDDSU

\- PUCCH with HARQ-ACK Msg4

#### 5.2.1.2 Urban 28GHz TDD NLOS O2O scenario

The representative values for the metrics are summarized below. Table
5.2.1.2-1 to 5.2.1.2-3 show the results for UE Tx power of 12 dBm.

Table 5.2.1.2-1: Representative values of MCL for Urban 28GHz TDD NLOS
O2O scenario for UE Tx power of 12 dBm.

  Channels (and Frame format)    Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)
  ------------------------------ ------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------------------
  PUSCH eMBB DDDSU               9                   92.49                  3.22
  PUSCH eMBB DDSU                3                   90.63                  5.59
  PUSCH VoIP DDDSU               7                   110.49                 4.15
  PUSCH VoIP DDSU                4                   105.54                 0.11
  PUCCH Format 0                 1                   107.90                 0.00
  PUCCH Format 1                 9                   111.60                 5.60
  PUCCH Format 2                 1                   104.30                 0.00
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits          7                   109.28                 4.52
  PUCCH Format 3 22bits          9                   108.42                 4.86
  SSB                            5                   130.88                 0.83
  PRACH Format B4                5                   111.12                 3.29
  PRACH Format C2                0                                           
  PDCCH of Msg2                  4                   127.37                 1.07
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDDSU            2                   127.51                 2.60
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDSU             1                   124.91                 0.00
  PUSCH of Msg3                  6                   109.22                 5.56
  PDSCH of Msg4                  4                   124.84                 0.96
  PUCCH with HARQ-ACK for Msg4   1                   120.80                 0.00
  PDCCH                          9                   129.17                 1.90
  PDSCH eMBB DDDSU               9                   122.51                 1.34
  PDSCH eMBB DDSU                3                   122.10                 1.53

Table 5.2.1.2-2: Representative values of MIL for Urban 28GHz TDD NLOS
O2O scenario for UE Tx power of 12 dBm.

  Channels (and Frame format)    Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Relative difference vs. PUCCH Format 1
  ------------------------------ ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
  PUSCH eMBB DDDSU               9                   123.60                 1.73                               -20.10
  PUSCH eMBB DDSU                3                   123.99                 1.78                               -19.71
  PUSCH VoIP DDDSU               7                   144.52                 2.01                               0.82
  PUSCH VoIP DDSU                4                   141.88                 0.15                               -1.83
  PUCCH Format 0                 1                   132.90                 0.00                               -10.80
  PUCCH Format 1                 9                   143.70                 3.58                               0.00
  PUCCH Format 2                 1                   129.4                  0.00                               -14.30
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits          7                   143.54                 3.08                               -0.16
  PUCCH Format 3 22bits          9                   141.22                 3.58                               -2.48
  SSB                            5                   156.88                 3.89                               13.18
  PRACH Format B4                5                   136.13                 0.88                               -7.57
  PRACH Format C2                0                                                                             
  PDCCH of Msg2                  4                   150.69                 0.59                               6.99
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDDSU            2                   150.70                 0.77                               7.00
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDSU             1                   149.93                 0.00                               6.23
  PUSCH of Msg3                  6                   137.28                 2.94                               -6.42
  PDSCH of Msg4                  4                   146.87                 1.33                               3.17
  PUCCH with HARQ-ACK for Msg4   1                   142.46                 0.00                               -1.24
  PDCCH                          9                   159.40                 4.01                               15.70
  PDSCH eMBB DDDSU               9                   153.17                 5.36                               9.47
  PDSCH eMBB DDSU                3                   154.30                 5.08                               10.60

Table 5.2.1.2-3: Representative values of MPL for Urban 28GHz TDD NLOS
O2O scenario for UE Tx power of 12dBm.

  Channels (and Frame format)    Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Gap from 200m ISD requirement (123.1dB)
  ------------------------------ ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- -----------------------------------------
  PUSCH eMBB DDDSU               10                  110.94                 2.74                               -12.16
  PUSCH eMBB DDSU                3                   110.62                 2.03                               -12.48
  PUSCH VoIP DDDSU               7                   130.97                 1.79                               7.87
  PUSCH VoIP DDSU                4                   128.01                 0.13                               4.91
  PUCCH Format 0                 1                   118.7                  0.00                               -4.4
  PUCCH Format 1                 9                   127.85                 4.19                               4.75
  PUCCH Format 2                 1                   115.20                 0.00                               -7.9
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits          7                   127.34                 3.78                               4.24
  PUCCH Format 3 22bits          9                   124.99                 4.25                               1.89
  SSB                            6                   140.74                 3.13                               17.64
  PRACH Format B4                5                   121.36                 1.45                               -1.74
  PRACH Format C2                1                   122.52                 0.00                               -0.58
  PDCCH of Msg2                  4                   134.02                 0.20                               10.92
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDDSU            2                   136.85                 0.77                               13.75
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDSU             1                   136.08                 0.00                               12.98
  PUSCH of Msg3                  7                   124.60                 2.97                               1.50
  PDSCH of Msg4                  3                   133.41                 2.53                               10.31
  PUCCH with HARQ-ACK for Msg4   1                   125.90                 0.00                               2.80
  PDCCH                          9                   143.09                 4.24                               19.99
  PDSCH eMBB DDDSU               10                  139.61                 5.33                               16.51
  PDSCH eMBB DDSU                3                   140.93                 5.63                               17.83

From the representative values for Urban 28GHz TDD NLOS O2O scenario,
the following observations can be made:

For the 1^st^ priority channels (with more than 2 available samples):

\- With absolute MPL target corresponding to target ISD 200m, all
channels except PUSCH and PRACH can meet the absolute MPL target. 1^st^
priority channels which do not meet the absolute MPL target are:

\- PUSCH eMBB DDDSU

\- PUSCH eMBB DDSU

\- PRACH Format B4

\- With relative differential MIL target using PUCCH Format 1 as
reference, 1^st^ priority channels which display lower coverage than the
reference are:

\- PUSCH eMBB DDDSU

\- PUSCH eMBB DDSU

\- PUSCH VoIP DDSU

\- PUCCH Format 3 11bits

\- PUCCH Format 3 22bits

\- PRACH Format B4

\- PUSCH of Msg3

For 2^nd^ priority channels (with less than 3 available samples):

\- With absolute MPL target of 200m ISD, no channel can meet the target.
2^nd^ priority channels which do not meet the absolute MPL target are:

\- PUCCH Format 0

\- PUCCH Format 2

\- PRACH Format C2

\- With relative MIL target using PUCCH Format 1 as reference, no MIL
result is available for PRACH Format C2. 2^nd^ priority channels which
display lower coverage than the reference are:

\- PUCCH Format 0

\- PUCCH Format 2

\- PUCCH with HARQ-ACK for Msg4

#### 5.2.1.3 Indoor 28GHz TDD NLOS scenario

The representative values for the metrics are summarized below. Table
5.2.1.3-1 to 5.2.1.3-3 show the results for UE Tx power of 12 dBm.

Table 5.2.1.3-1: Representative values of MCL for Indoor 28GHz TDD NLOS
scenario for UE Tx power of 12 dBm.

  Channels (and Frame format)   Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)
  ----------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------------------
  PUSCH eMBB DDDSU              10                  93.54                  3.92
  PUSCH eMBB DDSU               3                   88.90                  1.30
  PUSCH VoIP DDDSU              7                   109.93                 3.21
  PUSCH VoIP DDSU               3                   106.55                 1.85
  PUCCH Format 0                1                   108.30                 0.00
  PUCCH Format 1                10                  114.47                 3.23
  PUCCH Format 2                1                   104.30                 0.00
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits         8                   111.19                 1.65
  PUCCH Format 3 22bits         9                   108.76                 1.68
  SSB                           5                   115.83                 1.05
  PRACH Format B4               5                   112.38                 3.28
  PRACH Format C2               0                                           
  PDCCH of Msg2                 5                   112.32                 1.49
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDDSU           2                   111.29                 2.21
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDSU            1                   109.08                 0.00
  PUSCH of Msg3                 6                   109.18                 3.05
  PDSCH of Msg4                 4                   108.77                 1.67
  PUCCH with HARQ-ACK Msg4      1                   116.52                 0.00
  PDCCH                         10                  113.13                 2.24
  PDSCH eMBB DDDSU              10                  109.01                 7.04
  PDSCH eMBB DDSU               2                   115.67                 8.99

Table 5.2.1.3-2: Representative values of MIL for Indoor 28GHz TDD NLOS
scenario for UE Tx power of 12 dBm.

  Channels (and Frame format)   Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Relative difference vs. PUCCH Format 1
  ----------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
  PUSCH eMBB DDDSU              10                  122.95                 3.94                               -20.78
  PUSCH eMBB DDSU               3                   120.32                 3.15                               -23.42
  PUSCH VoIP DDDSU              7                   140.33                 0.93                               -3.41
  PUSCH VoIP DDSU               3                   137.97                 1.84                               -5.76
  PUCCH Format 0                1                   133.30                 0.00                               -10.43
  PUCCH Format 1                10                  143.73                 2.60                               0.00
  PUCCH Format 2                1                   129.40                 0.00                               -14.33
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits         8                   141.21                 2.66                               -2.53
  PUCCH Format 3 22bits         9                   138.78                 2.83                               -4.95
  SSB                           5                   138.15                 5.45                               -5.59
  PRACH Format B4               5                   138.17                 5.47                               -5.57
  PRACH Format C2               0                                                                              
  PDCCH of Msg2                 5                   131.35                 1.69                               -12.38
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDDSU           2                   130.72                 0.04                               -13.01
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDSU            1                   130.68                 0.00                               -13.05
  PUSCH of Msg3                 6                   137.47                 4.37                               -6.27
  PDSCH of Msg4                 4                   127.08                 2.72                               -16.65
  PUCCH with HARQ-ACK Msg4      1                   137.41                 0.00                               -6.32
  PDCCH                         10                  137.84                 4.47                               -5.89
  PDSCH eMBB DDDSU              10                  135.38                 10.62                              -8.35
  PDSCH eMBB DDSU               2                   145.51                 12.23                              1.78

Table 5.2.1.3-3: Representative values of MPL for Indoor 28GHz TDD NLOS
scenario for UE Tx power of 12dBm.

  Channels (and Frame format)   Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Gap from 20m ISD requirement (94.03dB)
  ----------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
  PUSCH eMBB DDDSU              10                  118.21                 4.00                               24.18
  PUSCH eMBB DDSU               3                   116.29                 4.80                               22.26
  PUSCH VoIP DDDSU              7                   136.69                 1.98                               42.66
  PUSCH VoIP DDSU               3                   133.94                 3.03                               39.91
  PUCCH Format 0                1                   128.10                 0.00                               34.07
  PUCCH Format 1                8                   137.16                 3.65                               43.13
  PUCCH Format 2                1                   124.20                 0.00                               30.17
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits         8                   133.00                 3.20                               38.97
  PUCCH Format 3 22bits         9                   131.83                 4.51                               37.80
  SSB                           6                   130.39                 3.84                               36.36
  PRACH Format B4               4                   127.92                 1.08                               33.89
  PRACH Format C2               1                   130.35                 0.00                               36.32
  PDCCH of Msg2                 4                   123.88                 0.12                               29.85
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDDSU           2                   125.52                 0.04                               31.49
  PDSCH of Msg2 DDSU            1                   125.48                 0.00                               31.45
  PUSCH of Msg3                 6                   132.82                 4.01                               38.79
  PDSCH of Msg4                 3                   121.27                 3.97                               27.24
  PUCCH with HARQ-ACK Msg4      1                   129.85                 0.00                               35.82
  PDCCH                         9                   132.26                 4.70                               38.23
  PDSCH eMBB DDDSU              9                   132.61                 11.47                              38.58
  PDSCH eMBB DDSU               2                   142.07                 13.99                              48.04

From the representative values for Indoor 28GHz TDD NLOS scenario, the
following observations can be made:

For the 1st priority channels (with more than 2 available samples) and
the 2nd priority channels (with less than 3 available samples):

\- Absolute MPL target corresponding to ISD 20m is met by all channels.

\- No potential bottleneck channel seems to exist for this scenario.

#### 5.2.1.4 Suburban 28GHz TDD NLOS O2I scenario

The number of available results for suburban 28 GHz TDD NLOS O2I
scenario was deemed insufficient to achieve statistical relevance.
Therefore, it has been deprioritized and no coverage bottleneck
identification has been carried out for this scenario. Only
representative values for the considered metrics, with corresponding
observations, are summarized in Tables 5.2.1.4-1 to 5.2.1.4-3, for UE Tx
power of 12 dBm, for completeness.

Table 5.2.1.4-1: Representative values of MCL for Suburban 28GHz TDD
NLOS O2I scenario for UE Tx power of 12 dBm.

  Channels (and Frame format)   Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)
  ----------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------------------
  PUSCH eMBB DDDSU              3                   99.68                  9.32
  PUSCH eMBB DDSU               2                   93.28                  0.60
  PUSCH VoIP                    3                   105.88                 5.45
  PUCCH Format 1                2                   110.14                 6.27
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits         2                   106.71                 3.02
  PUCCH Format 3 22bits         2                   105.50                 4.20
  SSB                           1                   132.55                 0.00
  PUSCH of Msg3                 1                   100.04                 0.00
  PDCCH                         3                   134.10                 5.65
  PDSCH eMBB DDDSU              3                   127.26                 5.91
  PDSCH eMBB DDSU               1                   130.39                 0.00

Table 5.2.1.4-2: Representative values of MIL for Suburban 28GHz TDD
NLOS O2I scenario for UE Tx power of 12 dBm.

  Channels (and Frame format)   Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Relative difference vs. PUCCH Format 1
  ----------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
  PUSCH eMBB DDDSU              3                   134.44                 6.01                               -10.80
  PUSCH eMBB DDSU               2                   130.38                 0.60                               -14.86
  PUSCH VoIP                    3                   140.64                 2.20                               -4.60
  PUCCH Format 1                2                   145.24                 1.24                               0.00
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits         2                   141.81                 2.01                               -3.43
  PUCCH Format 3 22bits         2                   140.59                 0.83                               -4.65
  SSB                           1                   165.63                 0.00                               20.40
  PUSCH of Msg3                 1                   137.14                 0.00                               -8.10
  PDCCH                         3                   165.85                 1.73                               20.62
  PDSCH eMBB DDDSU              3                   162.35                 7.31                               17.11
  PDSCH eMBB DDSU               1                   166.48                 0.00                               21.25

Table 5.2.1.4-3: Representative values of MPL for Suburban 28GHz TDD
NLOS O2I scenario for UE Tx power of 12dBm.

  Channels (and Frame format)   Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Gap from 200m ISD requirement (123.1dB)   Gap from 400m ISD requirement (134.87dB)   Gap from 500m ISD requirement (138.66dB)
  ----------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------
  PUSCH eMBB DDDSU              3                   101.77                 4.52                               -21.33                                    -33.10                                     -36.89
  PUSCH eMBB DDSU               2                   98.76                  0.60                               -24.34                                    -36.11                                     -39.90
  PUSCH VoIP                    3                   107.97                 0.91                               -15.13                                    -26.90                                     -30.69
  PUCCH Format 1                2                   108.78                 0.15                               -14.32                                    -26.09                                     -29.88
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits         2                   105.35                 3.40                               -17.75                                    -29.52                                     -33.31
  PUCCH Format 3 22bits         2                   104.14                 2.23                               -18.97                                    -30.74                                     -34.53
  SSB                           1                   134.01                 0.00                               10.91                                     -0.86                                      -4.65
  PUSCH of Msg3                 1                   105.52                 0.00                               -17.58                                    -29.35                                     -33.14
  PDCCH                         3                   129.86                 2.87                               6.76                                      -5.01                                      -8.80
  PDSCH eMBB DDDSU              3                   129.68                 8.79                               6.58                                      -5.19                                      -8.98
  PDSCH eMBB DDSU               1                   134.86                 0.00                               11.76                                     -0.01                                      -3.80

From the representative values for Suburban 28GHz TDD NLOS O2I scenario,
the following observations can be made:

For the 1^st^ priority channels (with more than 2 available samples):

\- No channel can meet the absolute MPL target if the target ISD is set
to 400m and 500m. Conversely, if ISD target is set to 200m then the only
1^st^ priority channels which do not meet the absolute MPL target are
PUSCH eMBB DDDSU and PUSCH VoIP DDDSU.

\- With relative differential MIL target using PUCCH Format 1 as
reference, 1^st^ priority channels which display lower coverage than the
reference are:

\- PUSCH eMBB DDDSU

\- PUSCH VoIP DDDSU

\- PUCCH Format 3 11bits

\- PUCCH Format 3 22bits

\- PUSCH of Msg3

\- PUSCH eMBB DDSU

For 2^nd^ priority channels (with less than 3 available samples):

\- Absolute MPL target corresponding to ISD 200m cannot be met by any UL
channel. Considering ISD target larger than 200m is very challenging for
2^nd^ priority channels as well. Larger ISD target are not met by any
channel.

\- With relative differential MIL target using PUCCH Format 1 as
reference, 2^nd^ priority channels which display lower coverage than the
reference are:

\- PUSCH Format 3 11 bits

\- PUSCH Format 3 22 bits

\- PUSCH for Msg3

\- PUSCH eMBB DDSU

#### 5.2.1.5 Suburban 28GHz TDD NLOS O2O scenario

The number of available results for suburban 28 GHz TDD NLOS O2O
scenario was deemed insufficient to achieve statistical relevance.
Therefore, it has been deprioritized and no coverage bottleneck
identification has been carried out for this scenario. Only
representative values for the considered metrics, with corresponding
observations, are summarized in Tables 5.2.1.5-1 to 5.2.1.5-3, for UE Tx
power of 12 dBm, for completeness.

Table 5.2.1.5-1: Representative values of MCL for Suburban 28GHz TDD
NLOS O2O scenario for UE Tx power of 12 dBm.

  Channels (and Frame format)   Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)
  ----------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------------------
  PUSCH eMBB DDDSU              4                   102.99                 10.22
  PUSCH eMBB DDSU               2                   92.96                  0.27
  PUSCH VoIP                    4                   109.85                 3.85
  PUCCH Format 1                3                   112.26                 5.86
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits         3                   109.80                 2.90
  PUCCH Format 3 22bits         3                   107.81                 2.85
  SSB                           1                   131.63                 0.00
  PUSCH of Msg3                 1                   99.74                  0.00
  PDCCH                         4                   130.90                 0.02
  PDSCH eMBB DDDSU              4                   124.77                 5.43
  PDSCH eMBB DDSU               1                   130.19                 0.00

Table 5.2.1.5-2: Representative values of MIL for Suburban 28GHz TDD
NLOS O2O scenario for UE Tx power of 12 dBm.

  Channels (and Frame format)   Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Relative difference vs. PUCCH Format 1
  ----------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
  PUSCH eMBB DDDSU              4                   136.57                 6.70                               -9.12
  PUSCH eMBB DDSU               2                   130.06                 0.28                               -15.63
  PUSCH VoIP                    4                   143.43                 0.33                               -2.26
  PUCCH Format 1                3                   145.69                 1.12                               0.00
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits         3                   143.23                 1.84                               -2.46
  PUCCH Format 3 22bits         3                   141.23                 1.88                               -4.46
  SSB                           1                   164.71                 0.00                               19.02
  PUSCH of Msg3                 1                   136.84                 0.00                               -8.85
  PDCCH                         4                   164.99                 0.99                               19.30
  PDSCH eMBB DDDSU              4                   159.35                 6.93                               13.66
  PDSCH eMBB DDSU               1                   166.28                 0.00                               20.59

Table 5.2.1.5-3: Representative values of MPL for Suburban 28GHz TDD
NLOS O2O scenario for UE Tx power of 12dBm.

  Channels (and Frame format)   Number of Samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Gap from 200m ISD requirement (123.1dB)   Gap from 400m ISD requirement (134.87dB)   Gap from 500m ISD requirement (138.66dB)
  ----------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- ----------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------
  PUSCH eMBB DDDSU              4                   123.47                 5.96                               0.36                                      -11.41                                     -15.20
  PUSCH eMBB DDSU               2                   117.70                 0.28                               -5.41                                     -17.18                                     -20.97
  PUSCH VoIP                    4                   130.46                 0.29                               7.35                                      -4.42                                      -8.21
  PUCCH Format 1                3                   129.27                 0.20                               6.17                                      -5.60                                      -9.39
  PUCCH Format 3 11bits         3                   126.81                 2.76                               3.71                                      -8.06                                      -11.85
  PUCCH Format 3 22bits         3                   124.81                 2.81                               1.71                                      -10.06                                     -13.85
  SSB                           1                   152.35                 0.00                               29.25                                     17.48                                      13.69
  PUSCH of Msg3                 1                   124.48                 0.00                               1.38                                      -10.39                                     -14.18
  PDCCH                         4                   148.90                 1.97                               25.80                                     14.03                                      10.24
  PDSCH eMBB DDDSU              4                   146.25                 7.68                               23.15                                     11.38                                      7.59
  PDSCH eMBB DDSU               1                   153.92                 0.00                               30.82                                     19.05                                      15.26

From the representative values for Suburban 28GHz TDD NLOS O2O scenario,
the following observations can be made:

For 1^st^ priority channels (with more than 2 available samples):

\- Absolute MPL targets corresponding to ISD target 200m is met by all
channels. No 1^st^ priority UL channel can meet the absolute MPL target
if the target ISD is set to 400m and 500m. Conversely, if ISD target is
set to 200m then only PUSCH eMBB DDDSU and PUSCH VoIP DDDSU do not meet
the absolute MPL target.

\- With relative differential MIL target using PUCCH Format 1 as
reference, 1^st^ priority channels which display lower coverage than the
reference are:

\- PUSCH eMBB DDDU

\- PUSCH VoIP DDDSU

\- PUCCH Format 3 11bits

\- PUCCH Format 3 22bits

For 2^nd^ priority channels (with less than 3 available samples):

\- Absolute MPL targets corresponding to target ISD 200m is met by all
channels. Absolute MPL targets corresponding to target 400m or 500m
cannot be met by any 2^nd^ priority channel.

\- With relative differential MIL target using PUCCH Format 1 as
reference, 2^nd^ priority channels which display lower coverage than the
reference, and the corresponding gaps to the reference MIL are:

\- PUSCH for Msg3

\- PUSCH eMBB DDSU

### 5.2.2 Bottleneck identification by representative values 

Bottleneck identification is performed by the following procedure:

\- The potential bottleneck channels identified by absolute metrics,
then

\- The potential bottleneck channels identified by absolute metrics can
be further filtered by using relative difference between channels in MIL

The result of the bottleneck channel identification by the procedure
above is summarized in Table 5.2.2-1, where no aspect related to the
deprioritized Suburban scenario is captured.

Table 5.2.2-1: Potential bottleneck channels for FR2

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Scenario                   Target metrics               Channels (and Frame format)   MIL                                                                           
  -------------------------- ---------------------------- ----------------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------- ----------------------------------------
                                                                                        Number of samples   Representative value   Standard Deviation (w/o outlier)   Relative difference vs. PUCCH Format 1

  Urban 28GHz TDD NLOS O2I   Scenario dependent target\   PUSCH eMBB DDDSU              9                   125.31                 3.78                               -17.83
                             ISD=200m                                                                                                                                 

                                                          PUSCH eMBB DDSU               3                   123.94                 1.74                               -19.20

                                                          PUCCH Format 3 11bits         8                   142.27                 3.16                               -0.86

                                                          PUCCH Format 3 22bits         7                   139.18                 2.58                               -3.96

                                                          PRACH Format B4               6                   141.22                 5.70                               -1.92

                                                          PUSCH of Msg3                 7                   139.72                 5.69                               -3.41

  Urban 28GHz TDD NLOS O2O   Scenario dependent target\   PUSCH eMBB DDDSU              9                   123.60                 1.73                               -20.10
                             ISD=200m                                                                                                                                 

                                                          PUSCH eMBB DDSU               3                   123.99                 1.78                               -19.71

                                                          PRACH Format B4               5                   136.13                 0.88                               -7.57
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following channels were identified as the potential bottleneck
channels for Urban 28 GHz scenario:

\- PUSCH eMBB (DDDSU and DDSU)

\- PUSCH VoIP (DDDSU and DDSU)

\- PUCCH F3 11bits

\- PUCCH F3 22bits

\- PRACH B4

\- PUSCH of Msg3

Note: PRACH Format B4 is reference to assess how many additional dBs
over the baseline PRACH enhancements may target. PUCCH Format 3 with
either 11 bits or 22 bits or both is reference to assess how many
additional dBs over the baseline PUCCH Format 3 enhancements may target.

No evident coverage bottleneck was identified for Indoor scenario for
FR2.

### 5.2.3 Observation from the simulation result not using representative values 

One source (R1-2007742) evaluated the target performance, i.e. the 5^th^
percentile geometry SINR value, based on system-level simulation.
Compared to the baseline performance, i.e., required SNR based on link
level simulation, the following is observed.

\- In Indoor 28 GHz scenario, only PUSCH eMBB requires coverage
compensation.

\- In Urban 28 GHz O2I scenario, PUSCH eMBB, Msg3, PRACH Format B4,
PUCCH Format 3 11 bits, PUCCH Format 3 22 bits, PBCH, PDSCH eMBB and
Msg4 require coverage compensation.

\- In Urban 28 GHz O2O scenario, only PUSCH eMBB requires coverage
compensation.

6 Potential techniques for coverage enhancements
================================================

6.1 PUSCH coverage enhancements
-------------------------------

### 6.1.1 Time-domain based solutions

Time domain based solutions are studied, including enhancements on PUSCH
repetition type A, enhancement on PUSCH repetition Type B, TB processing
over multi-slot PUSCH, OCC spreading based repetition, symbol-level
repetition, TB interleaving, RV repetition, and early termination of
PUSCH repetitions.

Enhancements on PUSCH repetition type A were studied from several
aspects, including increasing the maximum number of repetitions, the
number of repetitions counted on the basis of available UL slots and
flexible symbol resource allocation in different slots. Potential
specification impacts of enhancements on increasing the maximum number
of repetitions include: TDRA (Time-Domain Resource Allocation).
Potential specification impacts of enhancements on the number of
repetitions counted on the basis of available UL slots include: TDRA
(Time-Domain Resource Allocation), mechanism to determine transmission
occasion of actual repetition, and mechanism to determine whether
special slot can be determined as an available UL slot. Potential
specification impacts of enhancements on flexible symbol resource
allocation in different slots include: TDRA (Time-Domain Resource
Allocation) and mechanism to determine UL symbols for each slot.

Enhancements on PUSCH repetition type B were studied from several
aspects, including actual PUSCH transmission across the slot
boundary/invalid symbols, the length of actual repetition larger than 14
symbols, and RV enhancement. Potential specification impacts of
enhancements on PUSCH repetition type B include: TBS determination,
DM-RS pattern, TDRA (Time-Domain Resource Allocation), RV determination.
Note that power consistency and phase continuity may or may not be
required depending on factors such as cross-slot channel estimation,
etc.

TB processing over multi-slot PUSCH was studied from several aspects,
including TBS determined based on single slot and transmitted in parts
over multiple slots, TBS determined based on multiple slots and
transmitted over multiple slots. Potential specification impacts of TB
processing over multi-slot PUSCH include: TDRA (Time-Domain Resource
Allocation), TBS determination, RV determination. Note that power
consistency, phase continuity and enhancements for DM-RS configurations
may or may not be required depending on factors such as cross-slot
channel estimation, etc.

Seven sources (R1-2008874, R1-2007743, R1-2007954, R1-2008557,
R1-2007930, R1-2008479, R1-2007583) evaluate the performance of
enhancements on PUSCH repetition type A.

\- One source (R1-2008874) shows 3.2 dB (O2I) and 4 dB (O2O) SNR gain
when the actual number of repetition is increased from 3 to 8 (counted
on the basis of available UL slots) for VoIP at 2% rBLER for FR1 TDD,
compared to Rel-16 PUSCH repetition type A with 8 nominal repetitions.
HARQ is not used.

\- One source (R1-2007743) shows 1.0\~1.5 dB SNR gain for PUSCH
transmission with 4 repetitions and maximum 1 re-transmissions (maximum
8 actual transmissions in total, redundancy version {0, 2, 3, 1}) for
VoIP at 2% rBLER for FR1 TDD 4GHz with \'DDDSUDDSUU\' configured by 16
repetitions, compared to PUSCH transmission with 2 repetitions and
maximum 3 re-transmissions (maximum 8 actual transmissions in total,
redundancy version {0, 2}).

\- One source (**R1-2008557**) shows 6.8 dB SNR gain, when the actual
number of repetition is increased for VoIP at 2% rBLER for FR1 TDD,
compared to Rel-16 PUSCH repetition type A. HARQ is not used.

\- One source (R1-2007954) shows 2.0 dB SNR gain, when the actual number
of repetition is doubled for eMBB with the TBS fixed at 136 bits at 10%
iBLER for FR1 FDD, compared to Rel-16 PUSCH repetition type A with 8
repetitions. HARQ is not used.

\- One source (R1-2008479) shows 0.8 dB SNR gain with the repetition and
the frequency hopping is enabled for eMBB at 10% iBLER for FR1 FDD. The
TBS is changed to keep the target data rate 100kpbs for with or without
repetition.

\- One source (R1-2007583) shows about 2.0 dB SNR gain when the actual
number of repetition is doubled, e.g. from 2 to 4, from 4 to 8, for eMBB
at 10% iBLER for FR1 TDD. HARQ is not used. Note: the observed gain was
for different data rates where the data rate was sometimes less than the
required 100kbps for the eMBB use case.

\- One source (R1-2007583) shows about 8.1dB SNR gain for PUSCH
transmission with 3 retransmissions combined with 4 actual repetitions
for VoIP at 2% rBLER for FR1 TDD, compared to PUSCH transmission with no
repetition and no retransmission.

\- One source (R1-2007930) shows when the TBS is adjusted to maintain
the target data rate of 100kbps, +0.4, +0.2, -1.6 dB SNR gain was
observed when **the number of repetitions** was increased to 4, 8, 16
respectively for eMBB at 10% iBLER for FR1 FDD using Rel-16 PUSCH
repetition type A.

Table 6.1.1-1 Performance evaluation for enhancements on PUSCH
repetition type A

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source      | Frequency   | Performance | Key         |             |
|             | Range       | gain        | Assumptions |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             |             | eMBB        | voice       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 1    | FR1         |             | 3.2 dB      | DDDSUDDSUU, |
| (           |             |             |             | O2I,        |
| R1-2008874) |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | counted on  |
|             |             |             |             | the basis   |
|             |             |             |             | of          |
|             |             |             |             | available   |
|             |             |             |             | UL slots    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             | 4.0 dB      | DDDSUDDSUU, |
|             |             |             |             | VoIP, O2O,  |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | counted on  |
|             |             |             |             | the basis   |
|             |             |             |             | of          |
|             |             |             |             | available   |
|             |             |             |             | UL slots    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 2    | FR1         |             | 1\~1.5 dB   | Rural, O2O, |
| (           |             |             |             | 2 DMRS      |
| R1-2007743) |             |             |             | symbols.    |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme: 2   |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | with        |
|             |             |             |             | maximum 3   |
|             |             |             |             | re-tr       |
|             |             |             |             | ansmissions |
|             |             |             |             | (Max 8      |
|             |             |             |             | tra         |
|             |             |             |             | nsmissions) |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Enhanced    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme: 4   |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | with        |
|             |             |             |             | maximum 1   |
|             |             |             |             | re-t        |
|             |             |             |             | ransmission |
|             |             |             |             | (Max 8      |
|             |             |             |             | tran        |
|             |             |             |             | smissions). |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 3    | FR1         | \~2.0dB     |             | **\~2dB     |
| (           |             |             |             | performance |
| R1-2007954) |             |             |             | gain can be |
|             |             |             |             | observed    |
|             |             |             |             | when        |
|             |             |             |             | doubling    |
|             |             |             |             | the         |
|             |             |             |             | repetition  |
|             |             |             |             | level.**    |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | **Rural     |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/h,      |
|             |             |             |             | 700MHz,     |
|             |             |             |             | FDD, TBS =  |
|             |             |             |             | 136 bits,   |
|             |             |             |             | MCS 0, 2    |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS        |
|             |             |             |             | symbols, 12 |
|             |             |             |             | data        |
|             |             |             |             | symbols**   |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 4    | FR1         | 6.4 dB      | 6.8 dB      | Comparing w |
| (**R1       |             |             |             | and w/o     |
| -2008557**) |             |             |             | repetition  |
|             |             |             |             | (number of  |
|             |             |             |             | repetition  |
|             |             |             |             | is 4)       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | To support  |
|             |             |             |             | repetition  |
|             |             |             |             | for e.g.    |
|             |             |             |             | DDDSU, new  |
|             |             |             |             | mechanism   |
|             |             |             |             | is          |
|             |             |             |             | necessary   |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 5    | FR1         | 0.4 dB      |             | Keeping the |
| (           |             |             |             | target data |
| R1-2007930) |             |             |             | rate=       |
|             |             |             |             | 100kbps     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Simulation  |
|             |             |             |             | a           |
|             |             |             |             | ssumptions: |
|             |             |             |             | Rural       |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/h,      |
|             |             |             |             | 700MHz, FDD |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline:   |
|             |             |             |             | no repeats, |
|             |             |             |             | TBS=        |
|             |             |             |             | 112,100kbps |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | E           |
|             |             |             |             | nhancement: |
|             |             |             |             | Repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | = 4, TBS =  |
|             |             |             |             | 456,        |
|             |             |             |             | 100kbps     |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 0.2 dB      |             | Keeping the |
|             |             |             |             | target data |
|             |             |             |             | rate=       |
|             |             |             |             | 100kbps     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Simulation  |
|             |             |             |             | a           |
|             |             |             |             | ssumptions: |
|             |             |             |             | Rural       |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/h,      |
|             |             |             |             | 700MHz, FDD |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline:   |
|             |             |             |             | no repeats, |
|             |             |             |             | TBS=        |
|             |             |             |             | 112,100kbps |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | E           |
|             |             |             |             | nhancement: |
|             |             |             |             | Repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | = 8, TBS =  |
|             |             |             |             | 888,        |
|             |             |             |             | 100kbps     |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | -1.6 dB     |             | Keeping the |
|             |             |             |             | target data |
|             |             |             |             | rate =      |
|             |             |             |             | 100kbps     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Simulation  |
|             |             |             |             | a           |
|             |             |             |             | ssumptions: |
|             |             |             |             | Rural       |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/h,      |
|             |             |             |             | 700MHz, FDD |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline:   |
|             |             |             |             | no repeats, |
|             |             |             |             | TBS=        |
|             |             |             |             | 112,100kbps |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | E           |
|             |             |             |             | nhancement: |
|             |             |             |             | Repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | = 16, TBS = |
|             |             |             |             | 1800,       |
|             |             |             |             | 100kbps     |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 6    | FR1         | \~2.2dB     |             | About 2.2dB |
| (           |             |             |             | gain is     |
| R1-2008479) |             |             |             | observation |
|             |             |             |             | if the      |
|             |             |             |             | repetition  |
|             |             |             |             | number is   |
|             |             |             |             | doubled.    |
|             |             |             |             | FDD 700MHz  |
|             |             |             |             | M           |
|             |             |             |             | CS=120/1024 |
|             |             |             |             | 4PRB, No    |
|             |             |             |             | frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hopping,    |
|             |             |             |             | 1DMRS       |
|             |             |             |             | symbol,     |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/h       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 0.8dB       |             | Keeping the |
|             |             |             |             | target data |
|             |             |             |             | rate, with  |
|             |             |             |             | frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hopping.    |
|             |             |             |             | M           |
|             |             |             |             | CS=120/0124 |
|             |             |             |             | without     |
|             |             |             |             | repetition; |
|             |             |             |             | MCS=2       |
|             |             |             |             | 51/1024with |
|             |             |             |             | one more    |
|             |             |             |             | repetition. |
|             |             |             |             | Details are |
|             |             |             |             | in          |
|             |             |             |             | R1-2008479  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 7    | FR1         |             | 8.1dB       | Compared    |
| (           |             |             |             | with no     |
| R1-2007583) |             |             |             | repetition, |
|             |             |             |             | no          |
|             |             |             |             | retr        |
|             |             |             |             | ansmission, |
|             |             |             |             | 8.1dB gain  |
|             |             |             |             | is obtained |
|             |             |             |             | in TDD      |
|             |             |             |             | (           |
|             |             |             |             | DDDSUDDSUU) |
|             |             |             |             | with 3      |
|             |             |             |             | retr        |
|             |             |             |             | ansmissions |
|             |             |             |             | combined    |
|             |             |             |             | with 4      |
|             |             |             |             | actual      |
|             |             |             |             | r           |
|             |             |             |             | epetitions. |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | \~2dB       |             | By double   |
|             |             |             |             | the actual  |
|             |             |             |             | repetition  |
|             |             |             |             | for eMBB,   |
|             |             |             |             | \~2dB gain  |
|             |             |             |             | can be      |
|             |             |             |             | obtained.   |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Five sources (R1-2008874, R1-2007743, R1-2007680, R1-2009583,
R1-2009647) evaluate the performance of enhancements on PUSCH repetition
type B.

\- Three sources (R1-2008874, R1-2009583, R1-2009647) show 0.2\~2.0 dB
SNR gain when the actual PUSCH transmission can cross the slot boundary,
cross-slot channel estimation is used, and the length of actual
repetition can be larger than 14 symbols for VoIP at 2% rBLER for FR1
TDD, compared to Rel-16 PUSCH repetition type B without joint channel
estimation. HARQ is not used.

\- One source (R1-2007743) show 0.8 dB required SNR gain when the actual
PUSCH transmission can across the slot boundary or the length of actual
repetition can be larger than 14 symbols and cross-slot channel
estimation is used for VoIP at 2% rBLER for FR1 TDD, compared to Rel-16
PUSCH repetition type B without joint channel estimation. HARQ is not
used. Same TB size is used for both baseline and enhancement.

\- One source (R1-2009647) shows around 1.4 dB SNR gain when the actual
PUSCH transmission can cross the slot boundary, cross-slot channel
estimation is used, and the length of actual repetition can be larger
than 14 symbols for VoIP at 2% rBLER for FR2 TDD, compared to Rel-16
PUSCH repetition type B without joint channel estimation.

\- One source (R1-2009583) shows 0.33\~1.3 dB SNR gain when the actual
PUSCH transmission can cross the slot boundary, cross-slot channel
estimation is used, and the length of actual repetition can be larger
than 14 symbols for eMBB at 10% iBLER for FR1 TDD, compared to Rel-16
PUSCH repetition type B with 14-symbol actual repetition. HARQ is not
used.

\- One source (R1-2009583) shows the number of RBs can be reduced from
38 to 33, when the actual PUSCH transmission can cross the slot
boundary, cross-slot channel estimation is used, and the length of
actual repetition can be larger than 14 symbols for VoIP at 2% rBLER for
FR1 TDD, compared to Rel-16 PUSCH repetition type B with 14-symbol
actual repetition. HARQ is not used.

\- One source (R1-2009583) shows the number of RBs can be reduced from
30 to 26, when the actual PUSCH transmission can cross the slot
boundary, cross-slot channel estimation is used, and the length of
actual repetition can be larger than 14 symbols for eMBB at 10% iBLER
for FR2 TDD, compared to Rel-16 PUSCH repetition type B with 14-symbol
actual repetition. HARQ is not used.

\- One source (R1-2007680) shows around 2.0 dB SNR gain for RV
enhancement for eMBB at 10% iBLER for FR 1 TDD, compared to Rel-16 PUSCH
repetition type B without joint channel estimation.

Table 6.1.1-2 Performance evaluation for enhancement on PUSCH repetition
Type B

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source      | Frequency   | Performance | Key         |             |
|             | Range       | gain        | Assumptions |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             |             | eMBB        | voice       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 1    | FR1         |             | 0.8 dB      | DDDSUDDSUU, |
| (           |             |             |             | O2I/O2O,    |
| R1-2008874) |             |             |             | across slot |
|             |             |             |             | boundary,   |
|             |             |             |             | length \>   |
|             |             |             |             | 14 OS       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 2    | FR1         |             | 0.8 dB      | 4GHz,       |
| (           |             |             |             | \'DDDSU\'   |
| R1-2007743) |             |             |             | (S:         |
|             |             |             |             | 10D:2G:2U)  |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme:     |
|             |             |             |             | 14-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH,      |
|             |             |             |             | MCS\#5      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Enhanced    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme:     |
|             |             |             |             | 16-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH,      |
|             |             |             |             | MSC\#4      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | FR1         |             | 0.8 dB      | 4GHz,       |
|             |             |             |             | \'DDDSU\'   |
|             |             |             |             | (S:         |
|             |             |             |             | 10D:2G:2U)  |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme:     |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH of 2  |
|             |             |             |             | r           |
|             |             |             |             | epetitions, |
|             |             |             |             | and the     |
|             |             |             |             | length of   |
|             |             |             |             | each        |
|             |             |             |             | nominal     |
|             |             |             |             | repetition  |
|             |             |             |             | is L=8.     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Enhanced    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme:     |
|             |             |             |             | Actual      |
|             |             |             |             | repetition  |
|             |             |             |             | can cross   |
|             |             |             |             | slot        |
|             |             |             |             | boundary.   |
|             |             |             |             | The         |
|             |             |             |             | duration of |
|             |             |             |             | each actual |
|             |             |             |             | repetition  |
|             |             |             |             | is L=8.     |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 3    | FR1         | 2dB         |             | For some RV |
| (           |             |             |             | and TDD     |
| R1-2007680) |             |             |             | con         |
|             |             |             |             | figuration, |
|             |             |             |             | especially  |
|             |             |             |             | for RV0 or  |
|             |             |             |             | RV3 with    |
|             |             |             |             | higher      |
|             |             |             |             | t           |
|             |             |             |             | ransmission |
|             |             |             |             | code rate   |
|             |             |             |             | due to      |
|             |             |             |             | limited     |
|             |             |             |             | symbols for |
|             |             |             |             | actual      |
|             |             |             |             | repetition. |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 4    | FR1         |             | 2dB         | 4GHz,       |
| (           |             |             |             | DDDSU,      |
| R1-2009583) |             |             |             | rural,      |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/hr,     |
|             |             |             |             | 3PRBs, 2    |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS,       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Baseline   |
|             |             |             |             | scheme]{.   |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 14-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH,      |
|             |             |             |             | MCS\#7      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Enh        |
|             |             |             |             | ancement]{. |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 16-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | extended    |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH,      |
|             |             |             |             | MCS\#5      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 0.38dB      |             | 4GHz,       |
|             |             |             |             | DDDSU,      |
|             |             |             |             | rural,      |
|             |             |             |             | 120km/hr,   |
|             |             |             |             | 3PRBs,      |
|             |             |             |             | MCS\#5      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Baseline   |
|             |             |             |             | scheme]{.   |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 14-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH, 4    |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS        |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Enh        |
|             |             |             |             | ancement]{. |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 16-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | extended    |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH, 5    |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             | 0.36dB      | 4GHz,       |
|             |             |             |             | DDDSU,      |
|             |             |             |             | rural       |
|             |             |             |             | 120km/hr,   |
|             |             |             |             | 2PRBs       |
|             |             |             |             | MCS\#9      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Baseline   |
|             |             |             |             | scheme]{.   |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 14-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH, 4    |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS        |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Enh        |
|             |             |             |             | ancement]{. |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 16-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | extended    |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH, 5    |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             | 0.2dB       | 4GHz,       |
|             |             |             |             | DDDSU,      |
|             |             |             |             | rural       |
|             |             |             |             | 120km/hr,   |
|             |             |             |             | 2PRBs,      |
|             |             |             |             | MCS\#8      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Baseline   |
|             |             |             |             | scheme]{.   |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 14-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH, 2    |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS        |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Enh        |
|             |             |             |             | ancement]{. |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 16-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | extended    |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH, 3    |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 0.33dB      |             | 4GHz,       |
|             |             |             |             | DDDSU,      |
|             |             |             |             | rural       |
|             |             |             |             | 120km/hr, 5 |
|             |             |             |             | PRBs,       |
|             |             |             |             | MCS\#2      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Baseline   |
|             |             |             |             | scheme]{.   |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 14-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH, 3    |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS        |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Enh        |
|             |             |             |             | ancement]{. |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 16-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | extended    |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH, 4    |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | FR2         | 3           |             | PUSCH,      |
|             |             | 0PRB$\right |             | 28GHz,      |
|             |             | arrow$26PRB |             | DDDSU,      |
|             |             |             |             | eMBB,       |
|             |             |             |             | 2DMRS,      |
|             |             |             |             | indoor,     |
|             |             |             |             | (Gain in    |
|             |             |             |             | terms of    |
|             |             |             |             | the number  |
|             |             |             |             | of RBs      |
|             |             |             |             | reduced),   |
|             |             |             |             | MCS\#5      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Baseline   |
|             |             |             |             | scheme]{.   |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 14-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH       |
|             |             |             |             | [Enh        |
|             |             |             |             | ancement]{. |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 16-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | extended    |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | FR1         |             | 3           | PUSCH,      |
|             |             |             | 8PRB$\right | 4GHz,       |
|             |             |             | arrow$33PRB | DDDSU,      |
|             |             |             |             | VoIP,       |
|             |             |             |             | rural,      |
|             |             |             |             | 2DMRS,pi/2  |
|             |             |             |             | BPSK (Gain  |
|             |             |             |             | in terms of |
|             |             |             |             | the number  |
|             |             |             |             | of RBs      |
|             |             |             |             | reduced) ,  |
|             |             |             |             | MCS\#0      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Baseline   |
|             |             |             |             | scheme]{.   |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 14-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH       |
|             |             |             |             | [Enh        |
|             |             |             |             | ancement]{. |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 16-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | extended    |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | FR1         | 1.3dB       |             | PUSCH,      |
|             |             |             |             | 4GHz,       |
|             |             |             |             | DDDSU,      |
|             |             |             |             | eMBB,       |
|             |             |             |             | rural,      |
|             |             |             |             | QPSK, 4     |
|             |             |             |             | PRB,        |
|             |             |             |             | 120km/hr    |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Baseline   |
|             |             |             |             | scheme]{.   |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 14-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH,      |
|             |             |             |             | 2DMRS,      |
|             |             |             |             | MCS\#3      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Enh        |
|             |             |             |             | ancement]{. |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 16-symbol   |
|             |             |             |             | extended    |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH,      |
|             |             |             |             | 3DMRS,      |
|             |             |             |             | MCS\#2      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 5    | FR1         |             | 1.75 dB     | 4GHz O2I,   |
| (           |             |             |             | DDDSUDDDSU, |
| R1-2009647) |             |             |             | max \# of   |
|             |             |             |             | HARQ tx: 4, |
|             |             |             |             | Latency: 50 |
|             |             |             |             | ms, TBS:    |
|             |             |             |             | 368, For    |
|             |             |             |             | VoIP, 2%    |
|             |             |             |             | rBLER       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme:     |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH       |
|             |             |             |             | symbol      |
|             |             |             |             | length: {2, |
|             |             |             |             | 14, 2, 14}  |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | E           |
|             |             |             |             | nhancement: |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH       |
|             |             |             |             | symbol      |
|             |             |             |             | length: 16  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | FR2         |             | 1.4 dB      | 28GHz O2I,  |
|             |             |             |             | DDDSUDDDSU, |
|             |             |             |             | max \# of   |
|             |             |             |             | HARQ tx:    |
|             |             |             |             | 16,         |
|             |             |             |             | Latency: 50 |
|             |             |             |             | ms, TBS:    |
|             |             |             |             | 368, For    |
|             |             |             |             | VoIP, 2%    |
|             |             |             |             | rBLER       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme:     |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH       |
|             |             |             |             | symbol      |
|             |             |             |             | length: {2, |
|             |             |             |             | 14, 2, 14}  |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | E           |
|             |             |             |             | nhancement: |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH       |
|             |             |             |             | symbol      |
|             |             |             |             | length: 16  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Seven sources (R1-2008874, R1-2007905, R1-2007954, R1-2008626,
R1-2009583, R1-2009792, R1-2007930) evaluate the performance of TB
processing over multi-slot PUSCH.

\- Two sources (R1-2008874, R1-2008626) show 0.6\~2 dB  SNR gain when
TBS determined based on multiple slots and transmitted over multiple
slots for VoIP at 2% rBLER for FR1, compared to TB is determined based
on single slot with repetition in Rel-16. HARQ is not used. If HARQ is
enabled, legacy transmissions incur increased frequency domain resource
use and a fair comparison cannot be made. Different redundancy version
{0, 2, 3, 1} is used for repetitions in R1-2008874. The same redundancy
version is used for repetitions in R1-2008626. Gains due to reduction in
upper-layer (MAC/RLC/PDCP) headers is not reflected in R1-2008626.

\- Two sources (R1-2008874, R1-2008626) show 1.0\~2.7 dB SNR gain when
TBS determined based on multiple slots and transmitted over multiple
slots for eMBB at 10% iBLER for FR1, compared to TB is determined based
on single slot with repetition in Rel-16. HARQ is not used. If HARQ is
enabled, legacy transmissions incur increased frequency domain resource
use and a fair comparison cannot be made. Different redundancy version
{0, 2, 3, 1} is used for repetitions in R1-2008874. The same redundancy
version is used for repetitions in R1-2008626. Gains due to reduction in
upper-layer (MAC/RLC/PDCP) headers is not reflected in R1-2008626.

\- One source (R1-2007905) shows 0.8 dB SNR gain when TBS determined
based on multiple slots and transmitted over multiple slots for eMBB at
10% iBLER for FR1, compared to TB is determined based on single slot
with repetition in Rel-16. HARQ is not used. The same redundancy version
is used for repetitions.

\- One source (R1-2009792) show 1.0 dB SNR gain when TBS determined
based on multiple slots and transmitted over multiple slots for eMBB at
10% iBLER for FR1 and cross-slot channel estimation is used, compared to
TB is determined based on single slot with repetition in Rel-16 without
cross-slot channel estimation. HARQ is not used. The same redundancy
version is used for repetitions.

\- One source (R1-2009583) shows 0.4 and 2.0 dB SNR gain and with
different number of aggregated slots and modulation schemes when TBS
determined based on multiple slots and transmitted over multiple slots
for VoIP at 2% rBLER for FR1 FDD and cross-slot channel estimation is
used, compared to TB is determined based on single slot without
repetition in Rel-16. HARQ is not used. Up to 10dB power boosting gain
can be obtained depending on different number of aggregated slots when
TBS determined based on multiple slots and transmitted over multiple
slots for FR1 FDD VoIP.

\- One source (R1-2009583) shows 0\~1.75 dB SNR gain when TBS determined
based on multiple slots and transmitted over multiple slots for eMBB at
10% iBLER for FR1 and cross-slot channel estimation is used, compared to
TB is determined based on single slot without repetition in Rel-16. HARQ
is not used. Up to 6.98 dB power boosting gain can be obtained depending
on the number of aggregated slots when TBS determined based on multiple
slots and transmitted over multiple slots for FR1 eMBB.

\- One source (R1-2007954) shows 0.2 dB SNR gain and 6.2 dB link budget
gain when TBS determined based on multiple slots and transmitted over
multiple slots for VoIP at 2% rBLER for FR1 TDD, compared to TB is
determined based on single slot without repetition in Rel-16. HARQ is
not used.

\- One source (R1-2007930) shows 2 (w/ frequency hopping) and 2.5 dB
(w/o frequency hopping) SNR gain when TBS determined based on multiple
slots and transmitted over multiple slots with gaps for eMBB at 10%
iBLER, compared to Rel-16 where repeats are scheduled over contiguous
slots. HARQ is not used. Perfect channel estimation is assumed.

Table 6.1.1-3 Performance evaluation for TB processing over multi-slot
PUSCH

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source      | Frequency   | Performance | Key         |             |
|             | Range       | gain        | Assumptions |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             |             | eMBB        | voice       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 1    | FR1         |             | 1.0 dB      | DDDSUDDSUU, |
| (           |             |             |             | O2I, TBS    |
| R1-2008874) |             |             |             | based on 4  |
|             |             |             |             | slots       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             | 0.6 dB      | DDDSUDDSUU, |
|             |             |             |             | O2O, TBS    |
|             |             |             |             | based on 4  |
|             |             |             |             | slots       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 2.7 dB      |             | DDDSUDDSUU, |
|             |             |             |             | rural, O2O, |
|             |             |             |             | TBS based   |
|             |             |             |             | on 4 slots  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 2    | FR1         | 0.8 dB      |             | 2 slots     |
| (           |             |             |             | a           |
| R1-2007905) |             |             |             | ggregation, |
|             |             |             |             | TBS based   |
|             |             |             |             | on 2 slots, |
|             |             |             |             | DDDSU,      |
|             |             |             |             | rural       |
|             |             |             |             | TDL-D, 30ns |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 3    | FR1         |             | \~0.2dB     | Baseline    |
| (           |             |             |             | scheme 1: 4 |
| R1-2007954) |             |             |             | PRBs in a   |
|             |             |             |             | slot, 14    |
|             |             |             |             | symbols.    |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | TB spanning |
|             |             |             |             | multiple    |
|             |             |             |             | slots: 1    |
|             |             |             |             | PRB         |
|             |             |             |             | spanning 4  |
|             |             |             |             | slots       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Link level  |
|             |             |             |             | simulation  |
|             |             |             |             | results for |
|             |             |             |             | these two   |
|             |             |             |             | schemes are |
|             |             |             |             | similar,    |
|             |             |             |             | but link    |
|             |             |             |             | budget gain |
|             |             |             |             | of \~6dB    |
|             |             |             |             | for TB      |
|             |             |             |             | spanning 4  |
|             |             |             |             | slots over  |
|             |             |             |             | baseline    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme can  |
|             |             |             |             | be          |
|             |             |             |             | observed.   |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Simulation  |
|             |             |             |             | assumption: |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/h, 4    |
|             |             |             |             | GHz, TDD    |
|             |             |             |             | with DDDSU  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 4    | FR1         | 1-2 dB      | 1-2 dB      | Baseline: 1 |
| (           |             |             |             | PRB/slot.   |
| R1-2008626) |             |             |             | TB sized    |
|             |             |             |             | per slot.   |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Proposal:   |
|             |             |             |             | Aggregate   |
|             |             |             |             | PRBs across |
|             |             |             |             | multiple    |
|             |             |             |             | slots. Size |
|             |             |             |             | TB for      |
|             |             |             |             | total       |
|             |             |             |             | aggregated  |
|             |             |             |             | resources.  |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | O           |
|             |             |             |             | bservation: |
|             |             |             |             | 2 slot      |
|             |             |             |             | aggregation |
|             |             |             |             | results in  |
|             |             |             |             | \~1 dB      |
|             |             |             |             | gain, while |
|             |             |             |             | 4 slot      |
|             |             |             |             | aggregation |
|             |             |             |             | results in  |
|             |             |             |             | 2 dB gain.  |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Additional  |
|             |             |             |             | gain due to |
|             |             |             |             | overhead    |
|             |             |             |             | reduction   |
|             |             |             |             | is not      |
|             |             |             |             | included    |
|             |             |             |             | here.       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 5    | FR1         | 0\~1.0dB    |             | TBS         |
| (           |             |             |             | determined  |
| R1-2009583) |             |             |             | based on    |
|             |             |             |             | multiple    |
|             |             |             |             | slots and   |
|             |             |             |             | transmitted |
|             |             |             |             | over        |
|             |             |             |             | multiple    |
|             |             |             |             | slots,      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 700MHz FDD, |
|             |             |             |             | TB over 2   |
|             |             |             |             | or 3 slots, |
|             |             |             |             | QPSK,       |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/hr,     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Compared to |
|             |             |             |             | the         |
|             |             |             |             | baseline,   |
|             |             |             |             | up to 3dB   |
|             |             |             |             | and 4.7dB   |
|             |             |             |             | power       |
|             |             |             |             | boosting    |
|             |             |             |             | gain is     |
|             |             |             |             | possible    |
|             |             |             |             | for 2 and 3 |
|             |             |             |             | slot        |
|             |             |             |             | t           |
|             |             |             |             | ransmission |
|             |             |             |             | scheme,     |
|             |             |             |             | re          |
|             |             |             |             | spectively. |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 1.0dB       |             | TBS         |
|             |             |             |             | determined  |
|             |             |             |             | based on    |
|             |             |             |             | multiple    |
|             |             |             |             | slots and   |
|             |             |             |             | transmitted |
|             |             |             |             | over        |
|             |             |             |             | multiple    |
|             |             |             |             | slots,      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 700MHz FDD, |
|             |             |             |             | TB over 3   |
|             |             |             |             | slots, pi/2 |
|             |             |             |             | BPSK,       |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/hr,     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Compared to |
|             |             |             |             | the         |
|             |             |             |             | baseline,   |
|             |             |             |             | up to 4.7dB |
|             |             |             |             | power       |
|             |             |             |             | boosting    |
|             |             |             |             | gain is     |
|             |             |             |             | possible    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 0.4         |             | TBS         |
|             |             | 3dB\~1.75dB |             | determined  |
|             |             |             |             | based on    |
|             |             |             |             | multiple    |
|             |             |             |             | slots and   |
|             |             |             |             | transmitted |
|             |             |             |             | over        |
|             |             |             |             | multiple    |
|             |             |             |             | slots,      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 4GHz, TDD,  |
|             |             |             |             | rural, TB   |
|             |             |             |             | over 2 or 5 |
|             |             |             |             | slots,      |
|             |             |             |             | QPSK,       |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/hr,     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Compared to |
|             |             |             |             | the         |
|             |             |             |             | baseline,   |
|             |             |             |             | up to 3dB   |
|             |             |             |             | and 6.98 dB |
|             |             |             |             | power       |
|             |             |             |             | boosting    |
|             |             |             |             | gain is     |
|             |             |             |             | possible    |
|             |             |             |             | for 2 and   |
|             |             |             |             | 5-slot      |
|             |             |             |             | t           |
|             |             |             |             | ransmission |
|             |             |             |             | scheme,     |
|             |             |             |             | r           |
|             |             |             |             | espectively |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             | 2.0dB       | TBS         |
|             |             |             |             | determined  |
|             |             |             |             | based on    |
|             |             |             |             | multiple    |
|             |             |             |             | slots and   |
|             |             |             |             | transmitted |
|             |             |             |             | over        |
|             |             |             |             | multiple    |
|             |             |             |             | slots,      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 700MHz,     |
|             |             |             |             | FDD, TB     |
|             |             |             |             | over 6      |
|             |             |             |             | slots,      |
|             |             |             |             | QPSK,       |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/hr,     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Compared to |
|             |             |             |             | the         |
|             |             |             |             | baseline,   |
|             |             |             |             | up to       |
|             |             |             |             | additional  |
|             |             |             |             | 7.7 dB      |
|             |             |             |             | power       |
|             |             |             |             | boosting    |
|             |             |             |             | gain is     |
|             |             |             |             | possible    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             | 0.4dB       | TBS         |
|             |             |             |             | determined  |
|             |             |             |             | based on    |
|             |             |             |             | multiple    |
|             |             |             |             | slots and   |
|             |             |             |             | transmitted |
|             |             |             |             | over        |
|             |             |             |             | multiple    |
|             |             |             |             | slots,      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 700MHz,     |
|             |             |             |             | FDD, TB     |
|             |             |             |             | over 10     |
|             |             |             |             | slots, pi/2 |
|             |             |             |             | BPSK,       |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/hr,     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Compared to |
|             |             |             |             | the         |
|             |             |             |             | baseline,   |
|             |             |             |             | up to 10dB  |
|             |             |             |             | power       |
|             |             |             |             | boosting    |
|             |             |             |             | gain is     |
|             |             |             |             | possible    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 6    | FR1         | 1 dB        |             | Rural       |
| (           |             |             |             | 700MHz,     |
| R1-2009792) |             |             |             | FDD, 15kHz  |
|             |             |             |             | SCS, 2 DMRS |
|             |             |             |             | symbols per |
|             |             |             |             | slot, UE    |
|             |             |             |             | speed:      |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/h;      |
|             |             |             |             | Target      |
|             |             |             |             | throughput: |
|             |             |             |             | 100kbps     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Baseline   |
|             |             |             |             | scheme]{.   |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 4 PRBs, TBS |
|             |             |             |             | = 432 bits, |
|             |             |             |             | MCS11       |
|             |             |             |             | (table 3),  |
|             |             |             |             | 4           |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | (type A).   |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Enhanced   |
|             |             |             |             | scheme]{.   |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | 4 PRBs, TBS |
|             |             |             |             | = 432 bits, |
|             |             |             |             | MCS5 (table |
|             |             |             |             | 3),         |
|             |             |             |             | transmitted |
|             |             |             |             | over time   |
|             |             |             |             | resource of |
|             |             |             |             | 4 slots, no |
|             |             |             |             | repetition. |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 7    | FR1         | 2.5         |             | Simulation  |
| (           |             |             |             | A           |
| R1-2007930) |             |             |             | ssumptions: |
|             |             |             |             | No FH,      |
|             |             |             |             | Rural,      |
|             |             |             |             | 30km/h, 8   |
|             |             |             |             | R           |
|             |             |             |             | epetitions, |
|             |             |             |             | 100kbps     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline:   |
|             |             |             |             | Repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | sent        |
|             |             |             |             | c           |
|             |             |             |             | ontiguously |
|             |             |             |             | (i.e. no    |
|             |             |             |             | gaps)       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | E           |
|             |             |             |             | nhancement: |
|             |             |             |             | Gaps        |
|             |             |             |             | between     |
|             |             |             |             | Repeats= 7  |
|             |             |             |             | slots       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 2.0         |             | Simulation  |
|             |             |             |             | Assumption: |
|             |             |             |             | With FH,    |
|             |             |             |             | Rural,      |
|             |             |             |             | 30km/h, 8   |
|             |             |             |             | R           |
|             |             |             |             | epetitions, |
|             |             |             |             | 100kbps     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline:   |
|             |             |             |             | Repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | sent        |
|             |             |             |             | c           |
|             |             |             |             | ontiguously |
|             |             |             |             | (i.e. no    |
|             |             |             |             | gaps)       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | E           |
|             |             |             |             | nhancement: |
|             |             |             |             | Gaps        |
|             |             |             |             | between     |
|             |             |             |             | Repeats= 7  |
|             |             |             |             | slots       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

One source (R1-2008378) evaluates the performance of symbol level
repetition and shows around 0.4 dB SNR gain for UE speed 3km/h and
around 0.3dB SNR loss for UE speed 120km/h, respectively, for eMBB at
10% iBLER for FR1, compared to Rel-16 PUSCH repetition type A.

Table 6.1.1-4 Performance **evaluation for** symbol level repetition

+------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Source     | Solutions       | Performance     | Key Assumptions |
|            |                 | gain            |                 |
+============+=================+=================+=================+
| R1-2008378 | Symbol-level    | 0.4 dB (3km/h)  | Rural, 4 GHz,   |
|            | repetition      |                 | DDDSUDDSUU, 3   |
|            |                 | -0.3 dB         | km/h/120km/h    |
|            |                 | (120km/h)       |                 |
|            |                 |                 | 4PRBs, 2        |
|            |                 |                 | repetitions,    |
|            |                 |                 | w/o HARQ        |
|            |                 |                 |                 |
|            |                 |                 | Baseline: PUSCH |
|            |                 |                 | repetition Type |
|            |                 |                 | A w/o           |
|            |                 |                 | cross-slot      |
|            |                 |                 | channel         |
|            |                 |                 | estimation      |
|            |                 |                 |                 |
|            |                 |                 | 3 km/h: Type 1, |
|            |                 |                 | 2 DMRS symbol,  |
|            |                 |                 | no multiplexing |
|            |                 |                 | with data       |
|            |                 |                 |                 |
|            |                 |                 | 120 km/h: Type  |
|            |                 |                 | 1, 3 DMRS       |
|            |                 |                 | symbol, no      |
|            |                 |                 | multiplexing    |
|            |                 |                 | with data       |
+------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+

### 6.1.2 Frequency-domain based solutions

Frequency domain based solutions are studied, including enhancements on
inter-slot/intra-slot frequency hopping, enhancements on frequency
hopping for PUSCH repetition type B, sub-PRB transmission for VoIP.

Enhancements on inter-slot frequency hopping were studied from several
aspects, including more frequency offsets, e.g. 4 for BWP less than 50
PRBs, 8 for BWP greater than 50 PRBs, and more frequency hopping
positions, e.g. 4. Potential specification impacts of enhancements on
inter-slot frequency hopping include: frequency domain hopping
offsets/positions.

Enhancements on intra-slot frequency hopping were studied from several
aspects, including more frequency offsets, e.g. 4 for BWP less than 50
PRBs, 8 for BWP greater than 50 PRBs, more frequency hopping positions,
e.g. 3, more time-domain hop positions within a slot, e.g. 3, and DM-RS
sharing among multiple PUSCH transmissions with the same frequency
position between two consecutive slots \[related to clause 6.1.3\].
Potential specification impacts of enhancements on intra-slot frequency
hopping include: Frequency domain hopping offsets, DM-RS pattern, TBS
determination, power consistency and phase continuity for DM-RS sharing
among multiple PUSCH transmissions.

Sub-PRB transmission for VoIP was studied from several aspects,
including number of tones, sub-PRB transmission with single slot and
sub-PRB transmission with multi-slot aggregation. Potential
specification impacts of sub-PRB transmission with single slot include:
frequency domain resource allocation, TBS determination, DM-RS pattern,
hopping pattern within/between the PRBs, PUSCH signal generation for
DFT-s-OFDM waveform, RF requirement. Potential specification impacts of
sub-PRB transmission with multi-slot aggregation include: frequency
domain resource allocation, time domain resource allocation, TBS
determination, DM-RS pattern, RV determination, hopping pattern
within/between the PRBs, PUSCH signal generation for DFT-s-OFDM
waveform, RF requirement.

Six sources (R1-2007743, R1-2007954, R1-2009729, R1-2007680, R1-2008419,
R1-2007583) evaluate the performance of inter-slot frequency hopping
with more frequency offsets/ more frequency hopping positions.

\- Five sources (R1-2007743, R1-2007954, R1-2007680, R1-2008419,
R1-2007583) show 0.3\~1.7 dB SNR gain for inter-slot frequency hopping
with more frequency offsets/ more frequency hopping positions for eMBB
at 10% iBLER for FR1, compared to Rel-16 inter frequency hopping.
**Cross-slot channel estimation is not used, 2 RX is assumed for gains
higher than 0.3dB, 300ns is assumed for gains higher than 0.3dB.**

\- One source (**R1-2009729**) shows no gain for inter-slot frequency
hopping with more frequency offsets/ more frequency hopping positions
for eMBB at 10% iBLER for FR1, compared to Rel-16 inter frequency
hopping.

\- One source (R1-2008419) shows no gain for inter-slot frequency
hopping with more frequency offsets/ more frequency hopping positions
and joint channel estimation over multiple slots is implemented for eMBB
at 10% iBLER for FR1, compared to Rel-16 inter frequency hopping with
joint channel estimation over multiple slots.

Table 6.1.2-1 Performance evaluation for enhancements on **inter-slot
frequency hopping**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source      | Frequency   | Performance | Key         |             |
|             | Range       | gain        | Assumptions |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             |             | eMBB        | voice       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 1    | FR1         | 0.5 dB      |             | 4GHz,       |
| (           |             |             |             | Rural,      |
| R1-2007743) |             |             |             | MCS\#2, one |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS per    |
|             |             |             |             | hop         |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme: 2   |
|             |             |             |             | FH          |
|             |             |             |             | positions   |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Enhanced    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme: 4   |
|             |             |             |             | FH          |
|             |             |             |             | positions   |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 2    | FR1         | 0.3dB       |             | Rural       |
| (           |             |             |             | 3km/h,      |
| R1-2007954) |             |             |             | 700MHz,     |
|             |             |             |             | FDD,        |
|             |             |             |             | TBS=136     |
|             |             |             |             | bits, MCS   |
|             |             |             |             | 0, 8        |
|             |             |             |             | r           |
|             |             |             |             | epetitions, |
|             |             |             |             | 2 DMRS      |
|             |             |             |             | symbols, 12 |
|             |             |             |             | data        |
|             |             |             |             | symbols     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | For 4 Rx    |
|             |             |             |             | antennas,   |
|             |             |             |             | \~0.3dB     |
|             |             |             |             | performance |
|             |             |             |             | gain can be |
|             |             |             |             | achieved    |
|             |             |             |             | for 4       |
|             |             |             |             | frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hops        |
|             |             |             |             | compared to |
|             |             |             |             | 2 frequency |
|             |             |             |             | hops.       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 1.5dB       |             | Same        |
|             |             |             |             | simulation  |
|             |             |             |             | assumptions |
|             |             |             |             | as above.   |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | For 2 Rx    |
|             |             |             |             | antennas,   |
|             |             |             |             | \~1.5dB     |
|             |             |             |             | performance |
|             |             |             |             | gain can be |
|             |             |             |             | achieved    |
|             |             |             |             | for 4       |
|             |             |             |             | frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hops        |
|             |             |             |             | compared to |
|             |             |             |             | 2 frequency |
|             |             |             |             | hops.       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 3    | FR1         | 0 dB        |             | Scenario:   |
| (**R1       |             |             |             | Urban 4GHz  |
| -2009729**) |             |             |             | with 64     |
|             |             |             |             | TXRUs.      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline: 4 |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | with 2      |
|             |             |             |             | inter-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hops.       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Comparison: |
|             |             |             |             | 4           |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | with 4      |
|             |             |             |             | inter-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hops.       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 4    | FR1         | 1dB         |             | More        |
| (           |             |             |             | frequency   |
| R1-2007680) |             |             |             | hopping     |
|             |             |             |             | locations,  |
|             |             |             |             | no offsets, |
|             |             |             |             | from 2 hops |
|             |             |             |             | to 4.       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 5    | FR1         | 1.3 dB      |             | [4 hops vs. |
| (           |             | (LLS)       |             | 2 hops, no  |
| R1-2008419) |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | est.]{      |
|             |             |             |             | .underline} |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 1% BLER     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | For [300ns  |
|             |             |             |             | delay       |
|             |             |             |             | spread]{.   |
|             |             |             |             | underline}, |
|             |             |             |             | 3kmph, 2    |
|             |             |             |             | Rx, 2 DMRS  |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 4 PRBs,     |
|             |             |             |             | MCS0, 700   |
|             |             |             |             | MHz         |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 8           |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | (no         |
|             |             |             |             | retra       |
|             |             |             |             | nsmissions) |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Details in  |
|             |             |             |             | R1-2008419  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 0.3 dB      |             | [4 hops vs. |
|             |             | (LLS)       |             | 2 hops, no  |
|             |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | est.]{      |
|             |             |             |             | .underline} |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 1% BLER     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | For [30ns   |
|             |             |             |             | delay       |
|             |             |             |             | spread]{.   |
|             |             |             |             | underline}, |
|             |             |             |             | 3kmph, 2    |
|             |             |             |             | Rx, 2 DMRS  |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 4 PRBs,     |
|             |             |             |             | MCS0, 700   |
|             |             |             |             | MHz         |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 8           |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | (no         |
|             |             |             |             | retra       |
|             |             |             |             | nsmissions) |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Details in  |
|             |             |             |             | R1-2008419  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 0 dB (LLS)  |             | [4 hops vs. |
|             |             |             |             | 2 hops,     |
|             |             |             |             | with        |
|             |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | est.]{      |
|             |             |             |             | .underline} |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 1% BLER     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | For [30ns   |
|             |             |             |             | delay       |
|             |             |             |             | spread]{.   |
|             |             |             |             | underline}, |
|             |             |             |             | 3kmph, 2    |
|             |             |             |             | Rx, 2 DMRS  |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 4 PRBs,     |
|             |             |             |             | MCS0, 700   |
|             |             |             |             | MHz         |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 8           |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | (no         |
|             |             |             |             | retra       |
|             |             |             |             | nsmissions) |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Details in  |
|             |             |             |             | R1-2008419  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 6    | FR1         | 1 dB        |             | Simulation  |
| (           |             |             |             | a           |
| R1-2007930) |             |             |             | ssumptions: |
|             |             |             |             | Rural       |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/h,      |
|             |             |             |             | 700MHz,     |
|             |             |             |             | FDD, TBS =  |
|             |             |             |             | 456,        |
|             |             |             |             | Repeats =   |
|             |             |             |             | 4,100kbps,  |
|             |             |             |             | 2           |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS/slot,  |
|             |             |             |             | 2 Rx        |
|             |             |             |             | Antennas    |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline:   |
|             |             |             |             | no FH       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | E           |
|             |             |             |             | nhancement: |
|             |             |             |             | 2 FH        |
|             |             |             |             | positions   |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 7    | FR1         | 1.7dB       |             | Baseline    |
| (           |             |             |             | scheme: no  |
| R1-2007583) |             |             |             | FH          |
|             |             |             |             | positions   |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Enhanced    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme: 2   |
|             |             |             |             | FH          |
|             |             |             |             | positions   |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 30RB, MCS3, |
|             |             |             |             | 300ns,      |
|             |             |             |             | 4GHz, 1T4R  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 0.8dB       |             | Baseline    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme: 2   |
|             |             |             |             | FH          |
|             |             |             |             | positions   |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Enhanced    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme: 4   |
|             |             |             |             | FH          |
|             |             |             |             | positions   |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 30RB, MCS3, |
|             |             |             |             | 300ns,      |
|             |             |             |             | 4GHz, 1T4R  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             | 0.75        | Compared    |
|             |             |             |             | with 3      |
|             |             |             |             | retr        |
|             |             |             |             | ansmissions |
|             |             |             |             | combined    |
|             |             |             |             | with 4      |
|             |             |             |             | actual      |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | for VoIP,   |
|             |             |             |             | 0.75 dB     |
|             |             |             |             | gain is     |
|             |             |             |             | obtained    |
|             |             |             |             | with inter  |
|             |             |             |             | slot        |
|             |             |             |             | frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hopping at  |
|             |             |             |             | Urban       |
|             |             |             |             | scenario    |
|             |             |             |             | \@4GHz      |
|             |             |             |             | DDDSUDDSUU. |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Four sources (R1-2008874, R1-2009647, R1-2007680, R1-2007930) evaluate
the performance of sub-PRB transmission with multi-slot aggregation.

\- One source (R1-2008874) shows around 0.8 dB link budget gain for
sub-PRB transmission with multi-slot aggregation (6 tones) for VoIP at
2% rBLER for FR1, compared to Rel-16 PRB-based transmission with
repetition. HARQ is not used. Different redundancy version {0, 2, 3, 1}
is used for Rel-16 PRB-based transmission with repetition.

\- One source (R1-2009647) shows around 5.6 dB link budget gain for
sub-PRB transmission with multi-slot aggregation (6 tones) for VoIP at
2% rBLER for FR1, compared to Rel-16 PRB-based transmission with 4 PRBs
without repetition. HARQ is not used.

\- One source (R1-2009647) shows around 1.6 and 8.5 dB link budget gain
for sub-PRB transmission with multi-slot aggregation (6 tones) for eMBB
at 10% iBELR for FR1, respectively, depending on the number of
aggregation slots, compared to Rel-16 PRB-based transmission with 1 PRB
and 4 PRBs, respectively without repetition. HARQ is not used.

\- One source (R1-2007930) evaluated the performance of sub-PRB
transmission with 2 tones which showed 7 dB PAPR reduction. This PAPR
reduction allows for MPR relaxation for VoIP use case at 2% rBLER for
FR1, compared to Rel-16 PRB-based transmission with DFT-s-OFDM.

\- One source (R1-2007680) shows no gain for sub-PRB transmission with
multi-slot aggregation (6 tones) for VoIP at 2% rBLER for FR1, compared
to Rel-16 PRB-based transmission with repetition. HARQ is not used.

Table 6.1.2-2 Performance evaluation for **sub-PRB transmission**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source      | Frequency   | Performance | Key         |             |
|             | Range       | gain        | Assumptions |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             |             | eMBB        | voice       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 1    | FR1         |             | 0.8 dB      | DDDSUDDSUU, |
| (           |             |             |             | O2O, half   |
| R1-2008874) |             |             |             | PRB and 8   |
|             |             |             |             | slots       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 2    | FR1         |             | 5.6 dB      | DDDSUDDSUU, |
| (           |             |             |             | TBS=80 per  |
| R1-2009647) |             |             |             | 5ms, 2.7    |
|             |             |             |             | times       |
|             |             |             |             | smaller T-F |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | for subPRB  |
|             |             |             |             | (           |
|             |             |             |             | 4PRB\*1slot |
|             |             |             |             | vs          |
|             |             |             |             | 0.5PR       |
|             |             |             |             | B\*3slots), |
|             |             |             |             | TDL-A,      |
|             |             |             |             | Delay       |
|             |             |             |             | spread:     |
|             |             |             |             | 30ns,       |
|             |             |             |             | SCS=30KHz,  |
|             |             |             |             | 4Ghz        |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Note:       |
|             |             |             |             | Required    |
|             |             |             |             | SNR: rel-16 |
|             |             |             |             | is better   |
|             |             |             |             | with 3.4dB; |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Occupied BW |
|             |             |             |             | (thus noise |
|             |             |             |             | power):     |
|             |             |             |             | sub-PRB is  |
|             |             |             |             | better as   |
|             |             |             |             | 9dB;        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 8.5dB       |             | TBS=50 (per |
|             |             |             |             | tra         |
|             |             |             |             | nsmission), |
|             |             |             |             | TDL-C,      |
|             |             |             |             | Delay       |
|             |             |             |             | spread:     |
|             |             |             |             | 300ns, Same |
|             |             |             |             | T-F         |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | (           |
|             |             |             |             | 4PRB\*1slot |
|             |             |             |             | vs          |
|             |             |             |             | 0.5PR       |
|             |             |             |             | B\*8slots), |
|             |             |             |             | SCS=30KHz,  |
|             |             |             |             | 4Ghz        |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Note:       |
|             |             |             |             | Required    |
|             |             |             |             | SNR: rel-16 |
|             |             |             |             | is better   |
|             |             |             |             | with 0.5dB; |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Occupied BW |
|             |             |             |             | (thus noise |
|             |             |             |             | power):     |
|             |             |             |             | sub-PRB is  |
|             |             |             |             | better as   |
|             |             |             |             | 9dB;        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 1.6dB       |             | TBS=50 (per |
|             |             |             |             | tra         |
|             |             |             |             | nsmission), |
|             |             |             |             | TDL-A,      |
|             |             |             |             | Delay       |
|             |             |             |             | spread:     |
|             |             |             |             | 30ns, Same  |
|             |             |             |             | T-F         |
|             |             |             |             | resource    |
|             |             |             |             | (           |
|             |             |             |             | 1PRB\*1slot |
|             |             |             |             | vs          |
|             |             |             |             | 0.5PR       |
|             |             |             |             | B\*2slots), |
|             |             |             |             | SCS=30KHz,  |
|             |             |             |             | 4Ghz        |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Note:       |
|             |             |             |             | Required    |
|             |             |             |             | SNR: rel-16 |
|             |             |             |             | is better   |
|             |             |             |             | with 1.4dB; |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Occupied BW |
|             |             |             |             | (thus noise |
|             |             |             |             | power):     |
|             |             |             |             | sub-PRB is  |
|             |             |             |             | better as   |
|             |             |             |             | 3dB;        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 3    | FR1         |             | 0dB         | Sub-PRB     |
| (           |             |             |             | with the    |
| R1-2007680) |             |             |             | whole TB    |
|             |             |             |             | transmitted |
|             |             |             |             | over 2      |
|             |             |             |             | slots       |
|             |             |             |             | compared to |
|             |             |             |             | repetition  |
|             |             |             |             | type A with |
|             |             |             |             | 2           |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 4    | FR1         |             | 0\~5 dB     | No MCL      |
| (           |             |             |             | gain. Gain  |
| R1-2007930) |             |             |             | comes from  |
|             |             |             |             | reduction   |
|             |             |             |             | in MPR and  |
|             |             |             |             | A-MPR due   |
|             |             |             |             | to          |
|             |             |             |             | reduction   |
|             |             |             |             | in PAPR/CM. |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 2 tone Pi/2 |
|             |             |             |             | BPSK (i.e.  |
|             |             |             |             | LTE-M       |
|             |             |             |             | sub-PRB     |
|             |             |             |             | solution    |
|             |             |             |             | with near   |
|             |             |             |             | zero PAPR)  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

One source (R1-2008874) evaluates the performance of enhanced intra-slot
frequency hopping with more frequency offsets/ more frequency hopping
positions and shows around 1.8 dB SNR gain for VoIP at 2% rBLER and 0.4
dB SNR gain for eMBB at 2% rBLER for FR1, compared to Rel-16 intra-slot
frequency hopping.

Table 6.1.2-3 **Performance evaluation for** enhanced intra-slot
frequency hopping

  Source       Solutions                               Performance gain   Key Assumptions   
  ------------ --------------------------------------- ------------------ ----------------- -----------------------
                                                       eMBB               voice             
  R1-2008874   Enhanced intra-slot frequency hopping                      1.8 dB            DDDSUDDSUU, O2O
                                                       0.4 dB                               DDDSUDDSUU, rural O2I

### 6.1.3 DM-RS enhancements

DM-RS enhancements are studied, including joint channel estimation or
DM-RS bundling, enhancements on DM-RS density, adaptive configuration,
and DM-RS balancing among frequency hops.

Joint channel estimation or DM-RS bundling with/without optimization of
DMRS location/granularity was studied from several aspects, including
cross-slot channel estimation over consecutive slots, cross-slot channel
estimation over non-consecutive slots, cross-repetition channel
estimation within one slot, and inter-slot frequency hopping with
inter-slot bundling to enable cross-slot channel estimation. Potential
specification impacts of joint channel estimation or DM-RS bundling
include: power consistency and phase continuity, DM-RS placement in
special slot and DM-RS configuration, Time domain hopping interval for
inter-slot frequency hopping with inter-slot bundling.

Enhancements on DM-RS density were studied from several aspects,
including lower DM-RS density in time domain, DM-RS sharing among
multiple PUSCH transmissions in the time domain, lower DMRS density in
frequency domain, 1-comb DM-RS, e.g., DM-RS with single port spans to
occupy the whole DM-RS symbol, and additional DM-RS symbol position in a
slot. Potential specification impacts of lower DM-RS density in time
domain, and DM-RS sharing among multiple PUSCH transmissions include:
DM-RS pattern and configuration, power consistency, phase continuity,
and TBS determination. Potential specification impacts of lower DMRS
density in the frequency domain include: DM-RS design, DM-RS pattern and
configuration. Potential specification impacts of 1-comb DM-RS include:
DM-RS design, and TBS determination. Potential specification impacts of
additional DM-RS symbol position in a slot include: DM-RS position.

Adaptive DM-RS configuration was studied. Potential specification
impacts include: related signaling design.

DM-RS balancing among frequency hops was studied. Potential
specification impacts include: related signaling design, DMRS
configuration and pattern.

Fifteen sources (R1-2008874, R1-2007743, R1-2007954, R1-2008626,
R1-2008399, R1-2008378, R1-2008559, R1-2009647, R1-2008026, R1-2007680,
R1-2008419, R1-2009792, R1-2008479, R1-2009583, R1-2007583) evaluate the
performance of joint channel estimation.

\- Eleven sources (R1-2008874, R1-2007743, R1-2008626, R1-2008399,
R1-2008378, R1-2008026, R1-2007680, R1-2008419, R1-2009792, R1-2008479,
R1-2007583) show 0.2\~2.1 dB SNR gain for joint channel estimation over
multiple slots for eMBB at 10% iBLER depending on the number of slots
for FR1, compared to Rel-16 PUSCH transmission without joint channel
estimation.

\- One source (R1-2007954) shows 2 dB SNR gain for joint channel
estimation over multiple non-consecutive slots with inter-slot frequency
hopping for eMBB at 10% iBLER, compared to Rel-16 inter-slot frequency
hopping without joint channel estimation.

\- Three sources (R1-2009647, R1-2008559) show 0.9\~1.3 dB SNR gain for
joint channel estimation over multiple slots for VoIP at 2% rBLER
depending on the number of slots for FR1, compared to Rel-16 PUSCH
transmission without joint channel estimation.

\- One source (R1-2009583) shows 0.3 dB SNR gain for joint channel
estimation over multiple slots with DMRS in a special slot for VoIP at
2% rBLER, compared to Rel-16 PUSCH transmission without joint channel
estimation.

\- One source shows (R1-2009647) 0.85\~1.1 dB SNR gain for joint channel
estimation over multiple slots for VoIP at 2% rBLER depending on the
number of slots for FR2, compared to Rel-16 PUSCH transmission without
joint channel estimation.

\- One source (R1-2007680) shows 0.8 dB SNR gain for joint channel
estimation over multiple repetition within a slot, compared to Rel-16
PUSCH transmission without joint channel estimation.

\- Two sources (R1-2008026, R1-2007680) show 1.0\~1.22 dB required SNR
gain for lower DM-RS density in time domain with joint channel
estimation and using multi-slot PUSCH with 4 symbols in the special slot
over multiple slots for eMBB at 10% iBLER for FR1, compared to Rel-16
DM-RS density without joint channel estimation.

\- One source (R1-2007680) shows 1.0 dB required SNR gain for lower
DM-RS density in time domain with joint channel estimation over multiple
repetition within a slot for eMBB at 10% iBLER for FR1, compared to
Rel-16 PUSCH transmission without joint channel estimation.

Table 6.1.3-1 Performance evaluation for j**oint channel estimation**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source      | Frequency   | Performance | Key         |             |
|             | Range       | gain        | Assumptions |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             |             | eMBB        | voice       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 1    | FR1         | 0.4 dB      |             | DDDSUDDSUU, |
| (           |             |             |             | rural O2I,  |
| R1-2008874) |             |             |             | 2 slots     |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 0.8 dB      |             | FDD, rural  |
|             |             |             |             | O2I, 2      |
|             |             |             |             | slots       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 2    | FR1         | 1.8 dB      |             | 4GHz,       |
| (           |             |             |             | MCS\#5, one |
| R1-2007743) |             |             |             | DMRS per    |
|             |             |             |             | repetition, |
|             |             |             |             | 8           |
|             |             |             |             | r           |
|             |             |             |             | epetitions, |
|             |             |             |             | No FH.      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme: No  |
|             |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Enhanced    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme:     |
|             |             |             |             | Cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 3    | FR1         | \~2.0dB     |             | Rural       |
| (           |             |             |             | 3km/h,      |
| R1-2007954) |             |             |             | 700MHz,     |
|             |             |             |             | FDD,        |
|             |             |             |             | TBS=136     |
|             |             |             |             | bits, MCS   |
|             |             |             |             | 0, 8        |
|             |             |             |             | r           |
|             |             |             |             | epetitions, |
|             |             |             |             | 2 DMRS      |
|             |             |             |             | symbols, 12 |
|             |             |             |             | data        |
|             |             |             |             | symbols.    |
|             |             |             |             | Cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
|             |             |             |             | is employed |
|             |             |             |             | with a      |
|             |             |             |             | fixed       |
|             |             |             |             | window size |
|             |             |             |             | of 4 slots  |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | For Rel-15  |
|             |             |             |             | inter-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | FH,         |
|             |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
|             |             |             |             | can provide |
|             |             |             |             | \~2dB       |
|             |             |             |             | performance |
|             |             |             |             | gain        |
|             |             |             |             | compared to |
|             |             |             |             | the case    |
|             |             |             |             | without     |
|             |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation. |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 4    | FR1         | 1-2 dB      |             | Baseline:   |
| (           |             |             |             | PUSCH 1RB   |
| R1-2008626) |             |             |             | allocation, |
|             |             |             |             | 4 reps.     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | E           |
|             |             |             |             | nhancement: |
|             |             |             |             | PUSCH 1 RB  |
|             |             |             |             | allocation, |
|             |             |             |             | 0/2/4 reps, |
|             |             |             |             | with        |
|             |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation. |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 5    | FR1         | 1.5 dB      |             | Baseline:   |
| (           |             |             |             | PUCCH, 1 RB |
| R1-2008399) |             |             |             | allocation, |
|             |             |             |             | repetition  |
|             |             |             |             | with 4      |
|             |             |             |             | slots in    |
|             |             |             |             | FDD         |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | E           |
|             |             |             |             | nhancement: |
|             |             |             |             | PUCCH, 1 RB |
|             |             |             |             | allocation, |
|             |             |             |             | repetition  |
|             |             |             |             | with 4      |
|             |             |             |             | slots in    |
|             |             |             |             | FDD,        |
|             |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
|             |             |             |             | with 4      |
|             |             |             |             | slots       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 6    | FR1         | 1.0 dB      |             | Rural, 4    |
| (           |             |             |             | GHz,        |
| R1-2008378) |             |             |             | DDDSUDDSUU, |
|             |             |             |             | 3 km/h      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 4PRBs, 2    |
|             |             |             |             | r           |
|             |             |             |             | epetitions, |
|             |             |             |             | w/o HARQ    |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline:   |
|             |             |             |             | w/o         |
|             |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | E           |
|             |             |             |             | nhancement: |
|             |             |             |             | w/          |
|             |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 7    | FR1         |             | 1 dB        | Number of   |
| (           |             |             |             | repetition  |
| R1-2008559) |             |             |             | is 2 for    |
|             |             |             |             | consecutive |
|             |             |             |             | 2 UL slots  |
|             |             |             |             | assuming    |
|             |             |             |             | DDDSUDDSUU  |
|             |             |             |             | for FR1     |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 8    | FR1         |             | 1.3 dB      | DDDSUDDSUU, |
| (           |             |             |             | 4GHz with   |
| R1-2009647) |             |             |             | O2I, 4PRB,  |
|             |             |             |             | Delay       |
|             |             |             |             | spread: 300 |
|             |             |             |             | ns, Max \#  |
|             |             |             |             | of HARQ tx: |
|             |             |             |             | 4, Latency: |
|             |             |             |             | 50 ms, 1    |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | FR1         |             | 0.9 dB      | DDDSUDDSUU, |
|             |             |             |             | 4GHz with   |
|             |             |             |             | O2I, 4PRB,  |
|             |             |             |             | Delay       |
|             |             |             |             | spread: 300 |
|             |             |             |             | ns, Max \#  |
|             |             |             |             | of HARQ tx: |
|             |             |             |             | 4, Latency: |
|             |             |             |             | 50 ms, 2    |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | FR2         |             | 1.1 dB      | DDDSUDDDSU, |
|             |             |             |             | 28GHz with  |
|             |             |             |             | O2I, 4PRB,  |
|             |             |             |             | Delay       |
|             |             |             |             | spread: 100 |
|             |             |             |             | ns, Max \#  |
|             |             |             |             | of HARQ tx: |
|             |             |             |             | 16,         |
|             |             |             |             | Latency: 50 |
|             |             |             |             | ms, 1 DMRS  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | FR2         |             | 0.85 dB     | DDDSUDDDSU, |
|             |             |             |             | 28GHz with  |
|             |             |             |             | O2I, 4PRB,  |
|             |             |             |             | Delay       |
|             |             |             |             | spread: 100 |
|             |             |             |             | ns, Max \#  |
|             |             |             |             | of HARQ tx: |
|             |             |             |             | 16,         |
|             |             |             |             | Latency: 50 |
|             |             |             |             | ms, 2 DMRS  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 9    | FR1         | 0.4dB       |             | Urban O2I   |
| (           |             |             |             |             |
| R1-2008026) |             |             |             | 2.6GHz      |
|             |             |             |             | 7D1S2U      |
|             |             |             |             | (6D:4S:4U   |
|             |             |             |             | for the     |
|             |             |             |             | Special     |
|             |             |             |             | slot)       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline：2 |
|             |             |             |             | uplink slot |
|             |             |             |             | without     |
|             |             |             |             | cross slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation, |
|             |             |             |             | no FH       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Enh         |
|             |             |             |             | ancement：2 |
|             |             |             |             | uplink slot |
|             |             |             |             | with cross  |
|             |             |             |             | slot        |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation, |
|             |             |             |             | no FH       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | FR1         | 1.22 dB     |             | Urban O2I   |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 2.6GHz      |
|             |             |             |             | 7D1S2U      |
|             |             |             |             | (6D:4S:4U   |
|             |             |             |             | for         |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Special     |
|             |             |             |             | slot)       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline :  |
|             |             |             |             | MCS \#4 2   |
|             |             |             |             | uplink slot |
|             |             |             |             | without     |
|             |             |             |             | cross slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation, |
|             |             |             |             | 2 DMRS      |
|             |             |             |             | symbol per  |
|             |             |             |             | slot        |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Enhancement |
|             |             |             |             | : MCS \#3,  |
|             |             |             |             | 4 symbol in |
|             |             |             |             | special     |
|             |             |             |             | slot+ 2     |
|             |             |             |             | uplink      |
|             |             |             |             | slot, with  |
|             |             |             |             | single DMRS |
|             |             |             |             | symbol per  |
|             |             |             |             | slo         |
|             |             |             |             | t(including |
|             |             |             |             | the special |
|             |             |             |             | slot), with |
|             |             |             |             | cross slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 10   | FR1         | 0.8dB       |             | 4           |
| (           |             |             |             | repetitions |
| R1-2007680) |             |             |             | t           |
|             |             |             |             | ransmission |
|             |             |             |             | in one slot |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 0.3dB       |             | 4           |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | t           |
|             |             |             |             | ransmission |
|             |             |             |             | among 4     |
|             |             |             |             | slots       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 1dB         |             | DMRS-less   |
|             |             |             |             | in time     |
|             |             |             |             | domain with |
|             |             |             |             | joint       |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
|             |             |             |             | for 4       |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | within one  |
|             |             |             |             | slot.       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 1dB         |             | DMRS-less   |
|             |             |             |             | in time     |
|             |             |             |             | domain with |
|             |             |             |             | joint       |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
|             |             |             |             | for 4       |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | across 4    |
|             |             |             |             | slots.      |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 11   | FR1         | 1.1 dB      |             | [With vs.   |
| (           |             | (LLS)       |             | without     |
| R1-2008419) |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | est]{.u     |
|             |             |             |             | nderline}., |
|             |             |             |             | no FH       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 4 DMRS      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 1% BLER     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | For 300ns   |
|             |             |             |             | delay       |
|             |             |             |             | spread,     |
|             |             |             |             | 3kmph, 2 Rx |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 4 PRBs,     |
|             |             |             |             | MCS0, 700   |
|             |             |             |             | MHz         |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 8           |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | (no         |
|             |             |             |             | retra       |
|             |             |             |             | nsmissions) |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Details in  |
|             |             |             |             | R1-2008419  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 12   | FR1         | 0.4 dB      |             | Urban 4GHz  |
| (           |             |             |             | NLOS, 2DMRS |
| R1-2009792) |             |             |             | symbols per |
|             |             |             |             | slot, UE    |
|             |             |             |             | speed:      |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/h       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Baseline   |
|             |             |             |             | scheme]{.   |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | no          |
|             |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation. |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | [Enhanced   |
|             |             |             |             | scheme]{.   |
|             |             |             |             | underline}: |
|             |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
|             |             |             |             | with 2-slot |
|             |             |             |             | bundling.   |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 13   | FR1         | 0.2dB       |             | FDD 700MHz  |
| (           |             |             |             | M           |
| R1-2008479) |             |             |             | CS=120/1024 |
|             |             |             |             | 4PRB, No    |
|             |             |             |             | frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hopping,    |
|             |             |             |             | **1DMRS**   |
|             |             |             |             | symbol,     |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/h       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 2           |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | with or     |
|             |             |             |             | without     |
|             |             |             |             | cross slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 0.4dB       |             | FDD 700MHz  |
|             |             |             |             | M           |
|             |             |             |             | CS=120/1024 |
|             |             |             |             | 4PRB, No    |
|             |             |             |             | frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hopping,    |
|             |             |             |             | **1DMRS**   |
|             |             |             |             | symbol,     |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/h       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 4           |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | with or     |
|             |             |             |             | without     |
|             |             |             |             | cross slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 0.6dB       |             | FDD 700MHz  |
|             |             |             |             | M           |
|             |             |             |             | CS=120/1024 |
|             |             |             |             | 4PRB, No    |
|             |             |             |             | frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hopping,    |
|             |             |             |             | **1DMRS**   |
|             |             |             |             | symbol,     |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/h       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 8           |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | with or     |
|             |             |             |             | without     |
|             |             |             |             | cross slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 0.6dB       |             | FDD 700MHz  |
|             |             |             |             | M           |
|             |             |             |             | CS=120/1024 |
|             |             |             |             | 4PRB, No    |
|             |             |             |             | frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hopping,    |
|             |             |             |             | **2 DMRS**  |
|             |             |             |             | symbol,     |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/h       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 4           |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | with or     |
|             |             |             |             | without     |
|             |             |             |             | cross slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 1dB         |             | FDD 700MHz  |
|             |             |             |             | M           |
|             |             |             |             | CS=120/1024 |
|             |             |             |             | 4PRB, No    |
|             |             |             |             | frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hopping,    |
|             |             |             |             | **2 DMRS**  |
|             |             |             |             | symbol,     |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/h       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 8           |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | with or     |
|             |             |             |             | without     |
|             |             |             |             | cross slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 14   | FR1         |             | 0.3dB       | 4GHz TDD    |
| (           |             |             |             | Rural, 4    |
| R1-2009583) |             |             |             | PRBs,       |
|             |             |             |             | DDDSU,      |
|             |             |             |             | 120km/hr,   |
|             |             |             |             | VoIP        |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline :  |
|             |             |             |             | QPSK, 2     |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS in     |
|             |             |             |             | uplink slot |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Enhancement |
|             |             |             |             | : 2 DMRS in |
|             |             |             |             | uplink      |
|             |             |             |             | slot, 1     |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS in     |
|             |             |             |             | special     |
|             |             |             |             | slot,       |
|             |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
|             |             |             |             | assisted by |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS in     |
|             |             |             |             | special     |
|             |             |             |             | slot        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 15   | FR1         | 1.4dB       |             | Compared    |
| (           |             |             |             | with single |
| R1-2007583) |             | 2.1dB       |             | slot        |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation, |
|             |             |             |             | 1.4dB and   |
|             |             |             |             | 2.1 dB SNR  |
|             |             |             |             | gain can be |
|             |             |             |             | obtained by |
|             |             |             |             | 2 and 3     |
|             |             |             |             | consecutive |
|             |             |             |             | slots joint |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
|             |             |             |             | at 10%      |
|             |             |             |             | BLER. Other |
|             |             |             |             | parameter   |
|             |             |             |             | settings:   |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 1T 64R,     |
|             |             |             |             | TDL-C, 3    |
|             |             |             |             | km/h,       |
|             |             |             |             | 300ns, Type |
|             |             |             |             | I,          |
|             |             |             |             | ma          |
|             |             |             |             | x-length=1, |
|             |             |             |             | 1 DMRS      |
|             |             |             |             | symbol per  |
|             |             |             |             | slot        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Five sources (R1-2008874, R1-2007743, R1-2007954, R1-2009647,
R1-2008419) evaluate the performance of inter-slot frequency hopping
with inter-slot bundling and joint channel estimation.

\- Two sources (R1-2008874, R1-2009647) show 0.5\~2.5 dB SNR gain for
inter-slot frequency hopping with inter-slot bundling for VoIP at 2%
rBLER depending on bundle size, DM-RS configurations for FR1, compared
to Rel-16 inter-slot frequency hopping.

\- One source (R1-2009647) shows 1.0\~1.55 dB SNR gain for inter-slot
frequency hopping with inter-slot bundling for VoIP at 2% rBLER
depending on bundle size, DM-RS configurations for FR2, compared to
Rel-16 inter-slot frequency hopping.

\- Three sources (R1-2007743, R1-2007954, R1-2008419) show 0.5\~3 dB SNR
gain for inter-slot frequency hopping with inter-slot bundling for eMBB
at 10% iBLER depending on bundle size for FR1, compared to Rel-16
inter-slot frequency hopping.

\- One source (R1-2007954) shows 1 dB SNR gain for inter-slot frequency
hopping with inter-slot bundling and joint channel estimation over
multiple slot for eMBB at 10% iBLER for FR1, compared to Rel-16
inter-slot frequency hopping with joint channel estimation over multiple
non-consecutive slots.

Table 6.1.3-2 Performance evaluation for **inter-slot frequency hopping
with inter-slot bundling**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source      | Frequency   | Performance | Key         |             |
|             | Range       | gain        | Assumptions |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             |             | eMBB        | voice       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 1    | FR1         |             | 0.5 dB      | FDD, O2I, 2 |
| (           |             |             |             | slots       |
| R1-2008874) |             |             |             | bundling    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 2    | FR1         | 0.5 dB      |             | 4GHz,       |
| (           |             |             |             | Urban,      |
| R1-2007743) |             |             |             | MCS\#3, one |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS per    |
|             |             |             |             | hop.        |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme:     |
|             |             |             |             | Inter-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | FH          |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Enhanced    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme: FH  |
|             |             |             |             | per two     |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | and         |
|             |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
|             |             |             |             | among two   |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | per hop.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 3    | FR1         | \~1.0dB     |             | Rural       |
| (           |             |             |             | 3km/h,      |
| R1-2007954) |             |             |             | 700MHz,     |
|             |             |             |             | FDD,        |
|             |             |             |             | TBS=136     |
|             |             |             |             | bits, MCS   |
|             |             |             |             | 0, 8        |
|             |             |             |             | r           |
|             |             |             |             | epetitions, |
|             |             |             |             | 2 DMRS      |
|             |             |             |             | symbols, 12 |
|             |             |             |             | data        |
|             |             |             |             | symbols     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Enhanced    |
|             |             |             |             | inter-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | FH pattern: |
|             |             |             |             | same        |
|             |             |             |             | frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | resource in |
|             |             |             |             | 4           |
|             |             |             |             | consecutive |
|             |             |             |             | slots.      |
|             |             |             |             | Cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
|             |             |             |             | is employed |
|             |             |             |             | with a      |
|             |             |             |             | fixed       |
|             |             |             |             | window size |
|             |             |             |             | of 4 slots  |
|             |             |             |             | for both    |
|             |             |             |             | Rel-15      |
|             |             |             |             | inter-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | FH and      |
|             |             |             |             | enhanced    |
|             |             |             |             | inter-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | FH. When    |
|             |             |             |             | employing   |
|             |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation, |
|             |             |             |             | \~1.0dB     |
|             |             |             |             | performance |
|             |             |             |             | gain can be |
|             |             |             |             | achieved by |
|             |             |             |             | enhanced    |
|             |             |             |             | inter-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | FH pattern, |
|             |             |             |             | compared to |
|             |             |             |             | Rel-15      |
|             |             |             |             | inter-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | FH.         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | \~3.0dB     |             | Same        |
|             |             |             |             | simulation  |
|             |             |             |             | assumptions |
|             |             |             |             | as above.   |
|             |             |             |             | Enhanced    |
|             |             |             |             | inter-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | FH pattern: |
|             |             |             |             | same        |
|             |             |             |             | frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | resource in |
|             |             |             |             | 4           |
|             |             |             |             | consecutive |
|             |             |             |             | slots.      |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Compared to |
|             |             |             |             | Rel-15      |
|             |             |             |             | inter-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | FH without  |
|             |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation, |
|             |             |             |             | \~3dB can   |
|             |             |             |             | be achieved |
|             |             |             |             | by enhanced |
|             |             |             |             | inter-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hopping     |
|             |             |             |             | with        |
|             |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | channel     |
|             |             |             |             | estimation  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 4    | FR1         |             | 2.5 dB      | Residual    |
| (           |             |             |             | BLER        |
| R1-2009647) |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | DDDSUDDSUU, |
|             |             |             |             | 4GHz with   |
|             |             |             |             | O2I, 4PRB,  |
|             |             |             |             | Delay       |
|             |             |             |             | spread: 300 |
|             |             |             |             | ns, Max \#  |
|             |             |             |             | of HARQ tx: |
|             |             |             |             | 4, Latency: |
|             |             |             |             | 50 ms,      |
|             |             |             |             | Frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hopping     |
|             |             |             |             | offset:     |
|             |             |             |             | 40RBs, 1    |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | FR1         |             | 2.1 dB      | Residual    |
|             |             |             |             | BLER        |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | DDDSUDDSUU, |
|             |             |             |             | 4GHz with   |
|             |             |             |             | O2I, 4PRB,  |
|             |             |             |             | Delay       |
|             |             |             |             | spread: 300 |
|             |             |             |             | ns, Max \#  |
|             |             |             |             | of HARQ tx: |
|             |             |             |             | 4, Latency: |
|             |             |             |             | 50 ms,      |
|             |             |             |             | Frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hopping     |
|             |             |             |             | offset:     |
|             |             |             |             | 40RBs, 2    |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | FR2         |             | 1.55 dB     | Residual    |
|             |             |             |             | BLER        |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | DDDSUDDDSU, |
|             |             |             |             | 28GHz with  |
|             |             |             |             | O2I, 4PRB,  |
|             |             |             |             | Delay       |
|             |             |             |             | spread: 100 |
|             |             |             |             | ns, Max \#  |
|             |             |             |             | of HARQ tx: |
|             |             |             |             | 16,         |
|             |             |             |             | Latency: 50 |
|             |             |             |             | ms,         |
|             |             |             |             | Frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hopping     |
|             |             |             |             | offset:     |
|             |             |             |             | 40RBs, 1    |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | FR2         |             | 1 dB        | Residual    |
|             |             |             |             | BLER        |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | DDDSUDDDSU, |
|             |             |             |             | 28GHz with  |
|             |             |             |             | O2I, 4PRB,  |
|             |             |             |             | Delay       |
|             |             |             |             | spread: 100 |
|             |             |             |             | ns, Max \#  |
|             |             |             |             | of HARQ tx: |
|             |             |             |             | 16,         |
|             |             |             |             | Latency: 50 |
|             |             |             |             | ms,         |
|             |             |             |             | Frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hopping     |
|             |             |             |             | offset:     |
|             |             |             |             | 40RBs, 2    |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 5    | FR1         | 1.3 dB      |             | [With vs.   |
| (           |             | (LLS)       |             | without     |
| R1-2008419) |             |             |             | cross-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | est]{.      |
|             |             |             |             | underline}. |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | With        |
|             |             |             |             | frequency   |
|             |             |             |             | hopping (2  |
|             |             |             |             | hops)       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 1% BLER     |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | For 30ns    |
|             |             |             |             | delay       |
|             |             |             |             | spread,     |
|             |             |             |             | 3kmph, 2    |
|             |             |             |             | Rx, 2 DMRS  |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 4 PRBs,     |
|             |             |             |             | MCS0, 700   |
|             |             |             |             | MHz         |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | 8           |
|             |             |             |             | repetitions |
|             |             |             |             | (no         |
|             |             |             |             | retra       |
|             |             |             |             | nsmissions) |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Details in  |
|             |             |             |             | R1-2008419  |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Two sources (R1-2007743, R1-2007954) evaluate the performance of lower
DM-RS density.

\- One source (R1-2007743) shows around 1.0 dB SNR gain for lower DM-RS
density in frequency domain for eMBB at 10% iBLER for FR1, compared to
Rel-16 DM-RS density. The results is based on the assumption with only 1
RX antenna, single front-loaded DMRS symbol and without frequency
hopping.

\- One source (R1-2007954) shows around 0.2 dB SNR loss for lower DM-RS
density in time domain for eMBB at 10% iBLER for FR1, compared to Rel-16
DM-RS density.

Table 6.1.3-3 Performance evaluation for **lower DMRS density**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source      | Frequency   | Performance | Key         |             |
|             | Range       | gain        | Assumptions |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             |             | eMBB        | voice       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 1    | FR1         | 1 dB        |             | 2GHz,       |
| (           |             |             |             | 14-symbol   |
| R1-2007743) |             |             |             | PUSCH, one  |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS, DMRS  |
|             |             |             |             | type 1, one |
|             |             |             |             | port        |
|             |             |             |             | tr          |
|             |             |             |             | ansmission. |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Baseline    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme:     |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS type   |
|             |             |             |             | 1, one port |
|             |             |             |             | tr          |
|             |             |             |             | ansmission, |
|             |             |             |             | 3 dB power  |
|             |             |             |             | boosting on |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS RE     |
|             |             |             |             | compared to |
|             |             |             |             | data RE.    |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Enhanced    |
|             |             |             |             | scheme:     |
|             |             |             |             | Only        |
|             |             |             |             | mapping     |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS type 1 |
|             |             |             |             | on even     |
|             |             |             |             | PRBs, 6 dB  |
|             |             |             |             | power       |
|             |             |             |             | boosting on |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS RE     |
|             |             |             |             | compared to |
|             |             |             |             | data RE.    |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 2    | FR1         | -0.2dB      |             | Baseline    |
| (           |             |             |             | scheme: 2   |
| R1-2007954) |             |             |             | DMRS        |
|             |             |             |             | symbols in  |
|             |             |             |             | each slot   |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Lower DMRS  |
|             |             |             |             | density     |
|             |             |             |             | scheme: 2   |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS        |
|             |             |             |             | symbols in  |
|             |             |             |             | even slots  |
|             |             |             |             | and no DMRS |
|             |             |             |             | in odd      |
|             |             |             |             | slots       |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Rural       |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/h,      |
|             |             |             |             | 700MHz,     |
|             |             |             |             | FDD,        |
|             |             |             |             | TBS=136     |
|             |             |             |             | bits, MCS   |
|             |             |             |             | 0, 8        |
|             |             |             |             | r           |
|             |             |             |             | epetitions, |
|             |             |             |             | 2 DMRS      |
|             |             |             |             | symbols, 12 |
|             |             |             |             | data        |
|             |             |             |             | symbols     |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Three sources (R1-2008874, R1-2007954, R1-2008559) evaluate the
performance of higher DM-RS density.

\- One source (R1-2008874) shows 0.5\~1.5 dB SNR gain for 1-comb DM-RS
for eMBB at 10% iBLER for FR1, compared to Rel-16 DM-RS density without
power boosting.

\- One source (R1-2008559) shows around 1.0 dB SNR gain for additional
DM-RS symbol position for VoIP at 2% rBLER for FR1, compared to Rel-16
DM-RS density with only single DMRS symbol.

\- One source (R1-2007954) shows around 0.05 dB SNR loss for higher
DM-RS density in time domain for eMBB 10% iBLER for FR1, compared to
Rel-16 DM-RS density.

Table 6.1.3-4 Performance evaluation for **higher DMRS density**

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source      | Frequency   | Performance | Key         |             |
|             | Range       | gain        | Assumptions |             |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
|             |             | eMBB        | voice       |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 1    | FR1         | 0.5 dB      |             | DDDSUDDSUU, |
| (           |             |             |             | urban O2I,  |
| R1-2008874) |             |             |             | 1-comb      |
|             |             |             |             | DM-RS       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             | 1.5 dB      |             | DDDSUDDSUU, |
|             |             |             |             | rural O2O,  |
|             |             |             |             | 1-comb      |
|             |             |             |             | DM-RS       |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 2    | FR1         | -0.05dB     |             | Baseline    |
| (           |             |             |             | scheme: 4   |
| R1-2007954) |             |             |             | DMRS        |
|             |             |             |             | symbols in  |
|             |             |             |             | each slot   |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Higher DMRS |
|             |             |             |             | density: 5  |
|             |             |             |             | or 6 DMRS   |
|             |             |             |             | symbols in  |
|             |             |             |             | each slot   |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Rural       |
|             |             |             |             | 3km/h,      |
|             |             |             |             | 700MHz,     |
|             |             |             |             | FDD,        |
|             |             |             |             | TBS=136     |
|             |             |             |             | bits, MCS   |
|             |             |             |             | 0, 8        |
|             |             |             |             | tra         |
|             |             |             |             | nsmissions, |
|             |             |             |             | 2 DMRS      |
|             |             |             |             | symbols, 12 |
|             |             |             |             | data        |
|             |             |             |             | symbols.    |
|             |             |             |             | Inter-slot  |
|             |             |             |             | FH          |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Source 3    | FR1         |             | 1 dB        | Symbol      |
| (           |             |             |             | duration 1  |
| R1-2008559) |             |             |             | or 2        |
|             |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             | Additional  |
|             |             |             |             | DMRS symbol |
|             |             |             |             | position :  |
|             |             |             |             | pos3        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

One source (R1-2008626) evaluates the performance of adaptive DM-RS
configuration and shows 1.7 dB SNR gain for eMBB at 10% iBLER for FR1,
compared to Rel-16 semi-static DM-RS configuration. For low SNR such as
-10 to -12 dB, it shows that adaptive DM-RS configuration can bring
10-100% increase in throughput compared to an ill-suited DMRS
configuration depending on factors such as UE speed, DMRS bundling, and
PUSCH repetition.

Table 6.1.3-5 Performance evaluation for **adaptive DMRS configuration**

  Source       Frequency Range   Performance gain   Key Assumptions   
  ------------ ----------------- ------------------ ----------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 eMBB               voice             
  R1-2008626   FR1               1.7 dB                               PUSCH with 14 symbol allocation. 1 Tx, 4 Rx. Channel: TDL-C 300ns, 3 kmph. Performance gap between optimal DMRS and suboptimal DMRS choice is reported as gain.

### 6.1.4 Power-domain based solutions

Power domain based solutions are studied, including waveform design to
optimize MPR/A-MPR, FDD high power UE, and power boosting for pi/2 BPSK.

UE transmit waveform design to reduce MPR was studied from several
aspects, including tone reservation, FDSS (Frequency Domain Spectral
Shaping) without spectral extension for pi/2 BPSK, and FDSS with and
without spectral extension for QPSK. Potential specification impacts
include: related signalling, design for spectral extension, RF
requirements. Note: For tone reservation, a fraction of tones allocated
to a UE are reserved for the UE to shape its waveform; no data is
transmitted on these tones.

Power boosting for pi/2 BPSK was studied, including beyond 26 dBm as a
function of the UL duty cycle. Potential specification impacts include:
UE behavior for power boosting based on the UL time domain resource
allocation, explicit or implicit signaling, RF requirement.

One source (R1-2008626) evaluates the performance of UE transmit
waveform design to reduce MPR and shows 1 \~1.5 dB gain, compared to
Rel-16 DFT-S-OFDM and CP-OFDM.

One source (R1-2007905) evaluates the performance of power boosting for
pi/2 BPSK and shows around 3 dB gain for UL duty cycle less than 50% and
around 6 dB gain for UL duty cycle less than 25%.

Table 6.1.4 Performance evaluation for power domain based solutions

  Source       Solutions                                          Performance gain                         Key Assumptions
  ------------ -------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  R1-2007905   Power boosting for pi/2 BPSK                       3 dB for \<50% UL duty cycle             
                                                                  6 dB for \<25 % UL duty cycle            
  R1-2008626   Techniques to reduce MPR in uplink transmissions   1-1.5 dB (due to increase in tx power)   Aimed at increasing uplink transmit power for DFT-S-OFDM and CP-OFDM waveforms.

### 6.1.5 Spatial-domain based solutions

Spatial domain based solutions were studies from several aspects,
including multiple layer PUSCH transmission with DFT-S-OFDM and
Open-loop Tx diversity. Potential specification impacts include:
mechanism to indicate the support of multiple layer PUSCH transmission
with DFT-S-OFDM and to determine the precoder, e.g. reuse a subset of
the R15 codebooks, and signalling related to support of Tx diversity for
PUSCH with DFT-s-OFDM, and different PUSCH spatial filter parameters and
different antenna ports for different PUSCH transmissions

One source (R1-2008743) evaluates the performance of Alamouti-based
transmit diversity and shows 2-2.7dB SNR gain for FR1, and 2-3dB SNR
gain with QPSK and up to 8.5dB SNR gain with 16QAM for FR2.

One source (R1-2008419) evaluates the performance of multiple layer
PUSCH transmission with DFT-S-OFDM and shows around 3 dB cubic metric
gain, compared to multiple layer PUSCH transmission with CP-OFDM.

Table 6.1.5 Performance evaluation for spatial domain based solutions

+------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Source     | Solutions       | Performance     | Key Assumptions |
|            |                 | gain            |                 |
+============+=================+=================+=================+
| R1-2008743 | Alamouti-based  | 2-2.7dB in FR1  | PAPR preserving |
|            | transmit        |                 | SFBC and /or    |
|            | diversity       | 2-3dB with      | single symbol   |
|            |                 | QPSK, up to     | STBC            |
|            |                 | 8.5dB with      |                 |
|            |                 | 16QAM in FR2    |                 |
+------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| R1-2008419 | Multi-Layer     | \~3 dB cubic    | Rank 2 QPSK     |
|            | DFT-S-OFDM      | metric gain vs. | transmission    |
|            |                 | CP-OFDM         |                 |
+------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+

### 6.1.6 Others

SIP signal compression was studied for enhancement large payload PUSCH
including SigComp used for application information compression and the
compression efficiency. Potential specification impacts include: using
compression algorithm to compress the large SIP signaling message in
higher layer.

Dynamic PUSCH waveform adaptation was studied. Potential specification
impacts include: related signaling design.

One source (R1-2008626) evaluates the performance of dynamic switching
between DFT-S-OFDM and CP-OFDM and shows 2\~3 dB gain, compared to
semi-static switching between DFT-S-OFDM and CP-OFDM when using QPSK
modulation.

Table 6.1.6 Performance evaluation for switching between DFT-S-OFDM and
CP-OFDM

  Company      Solutions                                           Performance gain                    Key Assumptions
  ------------ --------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  R1-2008626   Implicit switching between DFT-S-OFDM and CP-OFDM   2-3dB (due to change in tx power)   Aimed at avoiding a RRC reconfig to change waveform from CP-OFDM to DFT-S-OFDM.

6.2 PUCCH coverage enhancements
-------------------------------

PUCCH enhancements are studied and the study on the following schemes is
prioritized:

\- DMRS-less PUCCH

\- FFS: design detail for DMRS-less PUCCH, e.g., sequence based PUCCH
transmission, v.s. reuse Rel-15 scheme to transmit UCI without DMRS

\- Rel-16 PUSCH-repetition-Type-B like PUCCH repetition at least for UCI
\<=11 bits.

\- (Explicit or implicit) Dynamic PUCCH repetition factor indication

\- DMRS bundling cross PUCCH repetitions

\- Including study of transmitting a subset of PUCCH repetitions without
DMRS, at least for UCI\<=11 bits

### 6.2.1 DMRS-less PUCCH

DMRS-less PUCCH has been studied. The performance (SNR) gain observed
for DMRS-less PUCCH over Rel-15/16 baseline is captured in Table
6.2.1-1. The performance (PAPR/CM) gain observed for DMRS-less PUCCH
over Rel-15/16 baseline is captured in Table 6.2.1-2. The key simulation
assumptions for DMRS-less PUCCH study are captured in Table 6.2.1-3.

For DMRS-less PUCCH, the potential spec impact includes the following. A
new PUCCH format would need to be specified, including the power control
of the new PUCCH format. The new PUCCH format would be an addition to
existing PUCCH formats. Two approaches to generate sequence for
DMRS-less PUCCH (i.e., reuse Rel-15/16 CGS/ZC/Gold/m-sequence or design
new sequences) were studied. If reusing Rel-15/16 CGS/ZC/Gold/m-sequence
of the same length being supported by the current Rel-15/16
specification, no new sequences need to be specified. If new sequences
(including new sequence type or same type as in Rel-15/16 but with
different length) or sequences based on modification of NR Rel-15/16 UCI
encoding scheme are adopted, the new sequences or the modification of NR
Rel-15/16 UCI encoding scheme need to be specified. UCI to sequence
mapping and sequence to RE mapping need to be specified. New RAN4 MPR
requirement may need to be defined, if new sequences other than
Rel-15/16 CGS/ZC/Gold/m-sequences are adopted. UCI multiplexing for this
new PUCCH format need to be specified.

For DMRS-less PUCCH, receiver needs to implement a non-coherent sequence
detector/correlator for reception of the new PUCCH format. For reception
of the new PUCCH format, channel and noise covariance matrix estimation
using DMRS is not required. Receiver implementation for the new PUCCH
format is an extension of the PUCCH format 0 receiver with similarity
that both are noncoherent sequence detectors, while the new receiver
needs to perform correlation over a larger sequence pool. The size of
the sequence pool over which the receiver for the new PUCCH format needs
to perform correlation increases exponentially with the number of UCI
bits. Computation efficient implementations of the receiver for the new
PUCCH format have been studied. Their complexity can be lower or higher
than the decoder for existing NR PUCCH coherent receiver depending on
the adopted sequence, on the UCI payload size and on the implementation
of the considered coherent receiver. gNB receivers may use PUCCH DM-RS
for channel parameter estimation, channel tracking, and/or interference
estimation. Absence of DMRS in the new PUCCH format requires such gNB
receivers to rely on other reference signals or pursue data-aided
estimation and tracking. In the non-coherent sequence detector at
receiver, changes to existing implementation for DTX detection,
including noise and interference power estimation, may be necessary if
the existing implementation relies on the presence of DMRS.

For DMRS-less PUCCH, UE needs to implement a UCI to sequence mapping and
sequence to RE mapping for the new PUCCH format. Four potential
approaches to implement the sequences for DMRS-less PUCCH were studied.
Approach 1: Reuse Rel-15/16 CGS/ZC/Gold/m-sequences generation with the
same sequence length being supported in Rel-15/16. Approach 2: Reuse
Rel-15/16 CGS/ZC/Gold/m-sequences generation with a different sequence
length being supported in Rel-15/16. Approach 3: Modification of NR
Rel-15/16 UCI encoding scheme to generate the sequences. Approach 4:
implement a new sequence generation which is not covered by above, if
the new sequence is adopted in spec.

For long PUCCH format, the number of UCI bits that the DMRS-less PUCCH
support is up to 11 bits. RAN1 has not concluded on which of 2 or 3 bits
is the minimum number of UCI bits that DMRS-less PUCCH can support.

**Table 6.2.1-1: Performance (SNR) gain** observed **for DMRS-less PUCCH
over Rel-15/16 baseline**

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Simulated      | Performance    | Observed SNR   | Source         |
| scenario       | metric         | gains          |                |
+================+================+================+================+
| Scenario 1: 2  | 1% FA, 1% ACK  | 3dB            | Source 3       |
| bits UCI       | miss           |                | (receiver      |
|                | detection,     |                | assumption 1)  |
| Baseline: PF1  | 0.1%           |                |                |
|                | NACK-\>ACK     |                | (R1-2009802)   |
| Enhancement:   | error          |                |                |
| DMRS-less      |                |                |                |
| PUCCH          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 3dB            | Source 10      |
|                |                |                | (R1-2008272)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 3\~4dB         | Source 9       |
|                |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption A)  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009747)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Scenario 2:    | 1% BLER        | 3dB            | Source 3       |
| 3/4/6 bits UCI |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption 2)  |
| Baseline: PF3  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009802)   |
| Enhancement:   |                |                |                |
| DMRS-less      |                |                |                |
| PUCCH          |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| Note: Source 2 |                |                |                |
| (R1-2009602)/  |                |                |                |
| Source 7       |                |                |                |
| (R1-2008420)   |                |                |                |
| simulated 3-7  |                |                |                |
| bits UCI       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 3dB            | Source 4       |
|                |                |                | (R1-2008400)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 1.5 \~ 2.1dB   | Source 8       |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009451)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 0 \~ 0.2dB     | Source 7       |
|                |                |                | (R1-2008420)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 1% FA, 1% BLER | 0dB            | Source 2       |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009602)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 0.3\~0.5dB     | Source 6       |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009648)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 1% FA, 1%      | 1\~2dB         | Source 6       |
|                | ACK m          |                | (R1-2009648)   |
|                | iss detection, |                |                |
|                | and 0.1% NACK  |                |                |
|                | to ACK         |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 2.8dB          | Source 3       |
|                |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption 2)  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009802)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 1dB            | Source 3       |
|                |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption 1)  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009802)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 0dB            | Source 7       |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009737)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Scenario 3: 11 | 1% BLER        | 3\~4dB         | Source 3       |
| bits UCI       |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption 2)  |
| Baseline: PF3  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009802)   |
| Enhancement:   |                |                |                |
| DMRS-less      |                |                |                |
| PUCCH          |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| Note: Source 2 |                |                |                |
| (R1-2          |                |                |                |
| 009602)/Source |                |                |                |
| 7 (R1-2008420) |                |                |                |
| simulated 8-11 |                |                |                |
| bits UCI       |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 0.8\~1.5dB     | Source 3       |
|                |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption 1)  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009802)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 3dB            | Source 9       |
|                |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption B)  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009747)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 2.4dB          | Source 9       |
|                |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption A)  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009747)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 2\~3dB         | Source 1       |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009696)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 1.5\~2.1dB     | Source 8       |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009451)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 0 \~ 0.2dB     | Source 7       |
|                |                |                | (R1-2008420)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 1 \~ 2.7dB     | Source 5       |
|                |                |                | (R1-2008027)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 1% FA, 1% BLER | 0.3dB          | Source 2       |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009602)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 2.1dB          | Source 3       |
|                |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption 2)  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009802)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 1% FA, 1%      | 4dB            | Source 6       |
|                | ACK m          |                | (R1-2009648)   |
|                | iss detection, |                |                |
|                | and 0.1% NACK  |                |                |
|                | to ACK error   |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 3.8dB          | Source 1       |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009696)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 4dB            | Source 3       |
|                |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption 2)  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009802)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 0.9\~4.8dB     | Source 3       |
|                |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption 1)  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009802)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 4.1dB          | Source 9       |
|                |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption B)  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009747)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 2.8dB          | Source 9       |
|                |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption A)  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009747)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 0dB            | Source 7       |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009737)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | 1% FA, 1%      | 4dB            | Source 3       |
|                | BLER, and 5%   |                | (receiver      |
|                | undetectable   |                | assumption 2)  |
|                | error rate     |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009802)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 1.5\~2.8dB     | Source 3       |
|                |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption 1)  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009802)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 3dB            | Source 9       |
|                |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption B)  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009747)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 2dB            | Source 9       |
|                |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption A)  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009747)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 0dB            | Source 7       |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009737)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Scenario 3:    | 1% BLER        | -2dB           | Source 8       |
| 22/24 bits UCI |                |                | (R1-2009451)   |
|                |                |                |                |
| Baseline: PF3  |                |                |                |
|                |                |                |                |
| Enhancement:   |                |                |                |
| DMRS-less      |                |                |                |
| PUCCH          |                |                |                |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 1dB            | Source 3       |
|                |                |                | (receiver      |
|                |                |                | assumption 2)  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | (R1-2009802)   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

Note 1: false alarm rate is the probability that DTX is detected as a
correct payload.

Note 2: undetectable error rate = \# instances that a UCI payload is
declared as correct when the UCI payload is in error / Total \#
instances that UCI payloads are in error, where a UCI payload is
declared as correct if it passes the error detection check.

Table 6.2.1-2: Performance (PAPR/CM) gain observed for DMRS-less PUCCH
over Rel-15/16 baseline

+------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Modulation order | Observed PAPR/CM gain | Source                |
+==================+=======================+=======================+
| QPSK             | 3.5dB PARR gain       | Source 3 (R1-2009802) |
|                  |                       |                       |
|                  | 1dB CM gain           |                       |
+------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
|                  | 6.3dB PAPR gain       | Source 8 (R1-2009451) |
+------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
|                  | 4.5dB PAPR gain       | Source 9 (R1-2009747) |
|                  |                       |                       |
|                  | 1.7dB CM gain         |                       |
+------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Pi/2 BPSK        | 0.5dB PAPR gain       | Source 3 (R1-2009802) |
|                  |                       |                       |
|                  | 0.6dB CM gain         |                       |
+------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
|                  | 4.8 dB PAPR gain      | Source 8 (R1-2009451) |
+------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
|                  | 2.4dB PAPR gain       | Source 9 (R1-2009747) |
+------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

Table 6.2.1-3: Key simulation assumptions for DMRS-less PUCCH study

+--------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| Company      | Key simulation assumptions                           |
+==============+======================================================+
| Source 1     | Channel model of TDL-C 300 ns, UE speed of 3km/h     |
|              |                                                      |
| (R1-2009696) | Receiver for Rel-15/16 PUCCH: ML coherent receiver   |
|              |                                                      |
|              | Receiver for sequence based PUCCH: ML noncoherent    |
|              | sequence detector                                    |
+--------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| Source 2     | Channel model of TDL-C 300 ns, UE speed of 3km/h     |
|              |                                                      |
| (R1-2009602) | Receiver for Rel-15/16 PUCCH: ML coherent receiver   |
|              | (MMSE channel estimator and equalizer) and           |
|              | non-coherent receiver                                |
|              |                                                      |
|              | Receiver for sequence based PUCCH: ML noncoherent    |
|              | sequence detector/correlator                         |
+--------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| Source 3     | Channel model of TDL-C and TDL-A with up to 800 ns   |
|              | channel delay spread (including effects of timing    |
| (R1-2009802) | error), up to 1111 Hz doppler (including effect of   |
|              | frequency error)                                     |
|              |                                                      |
|              | Receiver assumption 1:                               |
|              |                                                      |
|              | \- Receiver for Rel-15/16 PUCCH: noncoherent ML      |
|              | detection performed on union of PUCCH DMRS and UCI   |
|              | symbols. Error detection based on noncoherent duo    |
|              | metric.                                              |
|              |                                                      |
|              | \- Receiver for sequence based PUCCH: ML noncoherent |
|              | receiver (correlator with 2D-FFT or fast Hadamard    |
|              | transform)                                           |
|              |                                                      |
|              | Receiver assumption 2:                               |
|              |                                                      |
|              | \- Receiver for Rel-15/16 PUCCH: ML coherent         |
|              | receiver                                             |
|              |                                                      |
|              | \- Receiver for sequence based PUCCH: ML noncoherent |
|              | receiver (correlator with 2D-FFT or fast Hadamard    |
|              | transform)                                           |
+--------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| Source 4     | Receiver for Rel-15/16 PUCCH: MMSE channel           |
|              | estimation (with genie Doppler and delay spread) +   |
| (R1-2008400) | ML coherent detection                                |
|              |                                                      |
|              | Receiver for sequence based PUCCH: ML noncoherent    |
|              | sequence detector/correlator                         |
+--------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| Source 5     | Channel model of TDL-C 300 ns                        |
|              |                                                      |
| (R1-2008027) | Receiver for Rel-15/16 PUCCH: ML coherent receiver   |
|              |                                                      |
|              | Receiver for sequence based PUCCH: ML noncoherent    |
|              | sequence detector/correlator                         |
+--------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| Source 6     | Channel model of TDL-C 100 ns, UE speed of 3km/h     |
|              |                                                      |
| (R1-2009648) | Receiver for Rel-15/16 PUCCH: ML coherent receiver   |
|              |                                                      |
|              | Receiver for sequence based PUCCH: ML noncoherent    |
|              | sequence detector/correlator                         |
|              |                                                      |
|              | Ideal noise power estimation is used for both        |
|              | receiver for both legacy PUCCH and new sequence      |
|              | based PUCCH, and the noise power is used only in DTX |
|              | detection.                                           |
+--------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| Source 7     | Channel model of TDL-C 300 ns, UE speed of 3km/h     |
|              |                                                      |
| (R1-2008420, | Receiver for Rel-15/16 PUCCH: conventional and ML    |
|              | noncoherent                                          |
| R1-2009737)  |                                                      |
|              | receiver                                             |
|              |                                                      |
|              | Receiver for sequence based PUCCH: ML noncoherent    |
|              | receiver                                             |
+--------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| Source 8     | Receiver for Rel-15/16 PUCCH: advanced receivers for |
|              | \<=11 bits (non-coherent ML), conventional receiver  |
| (R1-2009451) | for 22 bits (LS channel estimation + MMSE/MRC)       |
|              |                                                      |
|              | Receiver for sequence based PUCCH: ML noncoherent    |
|              | sequence detector/correlator for 4/11 bit case;      |
|              | non-coherent LLR unit adapted to 3GPP polar code for |
|              | 22-bit case. Also simulated low-complexity receiver  |
|              | for 11-bit UCI case.                                 |
+--------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| Source 9     | Channel model of TDL-C 300 ns, UE speed of 3km/h or  |
|              | 120km/h                                              |
| (R1-2009747) |                                                      |
|              | Receiver assumption A:                               |
|              |                                                      |
|              | \- Receiver (higher complexity) for Rel-15/16 PUCCH: |
|              | ML non-coherent receiver                             |
|              |                                                      |
|              | \- Receiver (higher complexity) for sequence based   |
|              | PUCCH: ML non-coherent receiver                      |
|              |                                                      |
|              | Receiver assumption B:                               |
|              |                                                      |
|              | \- Receiver (lower complexity) for Rel-15/16 PUCCH:  |
|              | 2D-Wiener filter based channel estimation + MMSE     |
|              | equalization+ ML coherent detection                  |
|              |                                                      |
|              | \- Receiver (lower complexity) for sequence based    |
|              | PUCCH: Rx signal combination +CHIRRUP algorithm      |
|              | based sequence detection                             |
+--------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| Source 10    | Channel model of TDL-C 300 ns, UE speed of 3km/h     |
|              |                                                      |
| (R1-2008272) | Receiver for Rel-15/16 PUCCH: LMMSE-IRC receiver.    |
|              |                                                      |
|              | Receiver for sequence based PUCCH: ML correlation.   |
+--------------+------------------------------------------------------+

### 6.2.2 PUSCH-repetition-Type-B like PUCCH repetition

PUSCH-repetition-Type-B like PUCCH repetition has been studied. The
performance gain observed for PUSCH-repetition-Type-B like PUCCH
repetition over Rel-15/16 baseline is captured in Table 6.2.2-1.

For PUSCH-repetition-Type-B like PUCCH repetition, the potential spec
impact includes the following. Nominal repetition, actual repetition,
segmentation for type B PUCCH repetition, and flexible time domain
resource allocation in each slot need to be specified. Procedure to
handle postpone/cancel PUCCH repetitions (including interaction with
dynamic SFI) needs to be specified. Power control for actual repetitions
needs to be specified. The issue of whether supporting type B PUCCH
repetitions with different PUCCH formats was studied and three options
were identified to resolve this issue. The three options are the
following. Option 1:  Restrict type B PUCCH repetition applicable to
actual repetitions with the same PUCCH format. Option 2: Allow type B
PUCCH repetition with different PUCCH formats. The procedure to handle
format switch between repetitions needs to be specified. Option 3:
Introduce and specify PUCCH format 3/4 of length 1/2/3 OFDM symbols to
support type B PUCCH repetition. 

For PUSCH-repetition-type-B like PUCCH repetition, the impact to
receiver includes the following. gNB needs to process more than one
PUCCH repetitions in a slot. gNB needs to combine multiple repetitions
with different code rates/time length.

PUSCH-repetition-type-B like PUCCH repetition is only applicable to UCI
\<=11 bits.

Table 6.2.2-1: Performance gain observed for PUSCH repetition Type-B
like PUCCH repetition

+--------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+
| Company      | Observed performance     | Key simulation           |
|              | gain                     | assumptions              |
+==============+==========================+==========================+
| Source 6     | 0.5dB (w/o DMRS          | 11 bits UCI, w/ DTX      |
|              | bundling)                | detection, 1% BLER       |
| (R1-2009648) |                          |                          |
|              | 1\~1.5dB (w DMRS         | Receiver for Rel-15/16   |
|              | bundling)                | PUCCH: coherent          |
|              |                          | detection, DTX is        |
|              | Note: the 1\~1.5 gain    | performed based on union |
|              | observed is a            | of DMRS and UCI symbols. |
|              | combination of DMRS      |                          |
|              | bundling gain and type-B | Receiver for PUCCH       |
|              | PUSCH repetition.        | enhancement scheme: with |
|              |                          | and without joint        |
|              |                          | channel estimation for   |
|              |                          | the consecutive PUCCH    |
|              |                          | repetitions, in addition |
|              |                          | to receiver for Rel-15   |
|              |                          | and Rel-16 UEs.          |
|              |                          |                          |
|              |                          | Note: Ideal noise power  |
|              |                          | estimation is used for   |
|              |                          | above receivers, and the |
|              |                          | noise power is used only |
|              |                          | in DTX detection.        |
+--------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+

### 6.2.3 Dynamic PUCCH repetition factor indication

Dynamic PUCCH repetition factor indication has been studied. The
performance gain observed for dynamic PUCCH repetition factor indication
over Rel-15/16 baseline is captured in Table 6.2.3-1.

For dynamic PUCCH repetition factor indication, the potential spec
impact includes the following. A new PUCCH repetition signalling
mechanism needs to be specified

For dynamic PUCCH repetition factor indication, there is no impact
identified to receiver.

For dynamic PUCCH repetition factor indication, the impact to UE
implementation is that UE needs to implement transmissions of the PUCCH
repetitions based on the dynamic indicator.

Table 6.2.3-1: Performance gain observed for Dynamic PUCCH repetition
factor indication

+--------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+
| Company      | Observed performance     | Key simulation           |
|              | gain                     | assumptions              |
+==============+==========================+==========================+
| Source 7     | 5 dB (with repetition    | 11 bits CSI, w/o DTX     |
|              | factor 8)                | detection, 10% BLER      |
| (R1-2008420) |                          |                          |
|              |                          | Receiver for Rel-15/16   |
|              |                          | PUCCH: conventional DMRS |
|              |                          | based receiver           |
|              |                          |                          |
|              |                          | Receiver for PUCCH       |
|              |                          | enhancement scheme:      |
|              |                          | conventional DMRS based  |
|              |                          | receiver (without cross  |
|              |                          | slot channel             |
|              |                          | estimation).             |
+--------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+
| Source 1     | Reducing the number of   | 11 bits UCI, w/o DTX     |
|              | PUCCH repetitions for    | detection, 1% BLER       |
| (R1-2009696) | more than 70% cases.     |                          |
+--------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+

### 6.2.4 DMRS bundling across PUCCH repetitions

DMRS bundling across PUCCH repetitions has been studied. The performance
gain observed for DMRS bundling across PUCCH repetitions over Rel-15/16
baseline is captured in Table 6.2.4-1.

For DMRS bundling across PUCCH repetitions, the potential spec impact
includes the following. Restrictions to guarantee phase coherency across
repetitions need to be specified. UE behaviour needs to be defined if
the phase coherency of PUCCH repetition is impacted by other procedures.
DMRS bundling with inter-slot frequency hopping pattern enhancement need
to be specified, if the frequency hopping enhancement is agreed.

For DMRS bundling across PUCCH repetitions, new channel estimator needs
to be implemented at receiver to process DMRS across multiple
repetitions.

For DMRS bundling across PUCCH repetitions, same phase and transmission
power need to be maintained at UE across PUCCH repetitions.

For DMRS bundling across PUCCH repetitions, the impact to system
includes the following. gNB needs to maintain phase coherence across
slots. gNB cannot switch beamformers or make any RF adjustments across
multiple slots. UE needs to maintain phase coherence across multiple
slots. UE-side adjustments for timing and frequency will have to be
postponed to a later slot. UE may not have the best timing and frequency
settings for multiple uplink slots.

For DMRS bundling across PUCCH repetitions, restrictions of the scheme
include the following. Phase coherency across PUCCH repetitions is
required. The same frequency resource allocation across PUCCH
repetitions is required. The same power across PUCCH repetitions is
required.

Table 6.2.4-1: Performance gain observed for DMRS bundling across PUCCH
repetitions over Rel-15/16 baseline

+--------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+
| Company      | Observed performance     | Key simulation           |
|              | gain                     | assumptions              |
+==============+==========================+==========================+
| Source 1     | 1 dB                     | 22 bits UCI, w/o DTX     |
|              |                          | detection, 1% BLER, 4    |
| (R1-2009696) |                          | PUCCH repetitions        |
|              |                          |                          |
|              |                          | Receiver for Rel-15/16   |
|              |                          | PUCCH:  ML coherent      |
|              |                          | receiver, w/o cross-slot |
|              |                          | channel estimation       |
|              |                          |                          |
|              |                          | Receiver for PUCCH       |
|              |                          | enhancement scheme: ML   |
|              |                          | coherent receiver, w/    |
|              |                          | cross-slot channel       |
|              |                          | estimation               |
+--------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+
| Source 2     | \~1.2 dB                 | 22 bits UCI, w/o DTX     |
|              |                          | detection, 1% BLER, 8    |
| (R1-2009602) |                          | PUCCH repetitions        |
|              |                          |                          |
|              |                          | Receiver for Rel-15/16   |
|              |                          | PUCCH: coherent          |
|              |                          | receiver, w/o cross-slot |
|              |                          | channel estimation       |
|              |                          |                          |
|              |                          | Receiver for PUCCH       |
|              |                          | enhancement scheme:      |
|              |                          | coherent receiver, w/    |
|              |                          | cross-slot channel       |
|              |                          | estimation               |
+--------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+
| Source 6     | 0.85 \~ 1.3 dB           | 11 bits UCI, w/ DTX      |
|              |                          | detection, 1% BLER, 2    |
| (R1-2009648) |                          | PUCCH repetitions        |
|              |                          |                          |
|              |                          | Receiver for Rel-15/16   |
|              |                          | PUCCH: Coherent          |
|              |                          | detection, DTX is        |
|              |                          | performed based on union |
|              |                          | of DMRS and UCI symbols. |
|              |                          | Channel estimation is    |
|              |                          | performed individually   |
|              |                          | for each repetition.     |
|              |                          |                          |
|              |                          | Receiver for PUCCH       |
|              |                          | enhancement scheme:      |
|              |                          | Joint channel estimation |
|              |                          | is used for PUCCH        |
|              |                          | repetitions in           |
|              |                          | consecutive slots, in    |
|              |                          | addition to receiver for |
|              |                          | Rel-15 and Rel-16 UEs.   |
|              |                          |                          |
|              |                          | Note: Ideal noise power  |
|              |                          | estimation is used for   |
|              |                          | both receivers, and the  |
|              |                          | noise power is used only |
|              |                          | in DTX detection.        |
+--------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+

6.3 Coverage enhancements for channels other than PUSCH and PUCCH
-----------------------------------------------------------------

### 6.3.1 Enhancements for Msg3 PUSCH

Msg3 PUSCH enhancement is studied including at least Msg3 PUSCH
repetition. Enhancement to PUSCH scheduled by RAR UL grant does not
consider the optimization specific for CFRA case.

Enhancements on Msg3 PUSCH repetition were studied from several aspects,
including the indication of the number of repetitions for Msg3 initial
transmission and re-transmission, the repetition type, the feasibility
and applicability of enhancements studied for PUSCH in RRC\_CONNECTED
state for Msg3 PUSCH initial and re-transmission, inter-slot frequency
hopping and differentiation between enhanced UE and legacy UE.

\- Potential specification impacts of indication of the number of
repetitions for Msg3 initial transmission include:

\- Explicit indication mechanism, e.g., indicated by RAR UL grant, DCI
format 1\_0 with CRC scrambled by RA-RNTI or SIB1.

\- Implicit indication mechanism, e.g., determined by PRACH
configuration or information carried by RAR.

\- Potential specification impacts of indication of the number of
repetitions for Msg3 re-transmission include:

\- Explicit indication mechanism, e.g., indicated by DCI format 0\_0
with CRC scrambled by TC-RNTI.

\- Implicit indication mechanism, e.g., determined by Msg3 initial
transmission.

\- Potential specification impacts of the repetition type include:

\- Introducing PUSCH repetition Type A.

\- Potential specification impacts of the feasibility and applicability
of enhancements studied for PUSCH in RRC\_CONNECTED state for Msg3 PUSCH
initial and re-transmission include:

\- The potential specification impacts for the solutions studied in
Clause 6.1.

\- Potential specification impacts of inter-slot frequency hopping
include:

\- Inter-slot frequency hopping configuration and frequency hopping
pattern.

\- Potential specification impacts of differentiation between enhanced
UE and legacy UE include:

\- Mechanism to differentiate enhanced UE and legacy UE, e.g., separate
PRACH configurations (e.g, separate PRACH occasions or preambles) and
separate Msg3 configurations (e.g., separate DMRS ports).

Power domain-based solutions were studied for Msg3 PUSCH, including pi/2
BPSK waveform using DFT-s-OFDM and power control enhancements.

\- Potential specification impacts of pi/2 BPSK waveform using
DFT-s-OFDM include defining the usage of pi/2 BPSK modulation for Msg3
and either explicit or implicit power boosting based on the Msg3 time
domain resource allocation. 

\- Potential specification impacts of power control enhancements include
configuration of multiple sets of power control parameters.

Spatial domain based solutions were studied from several aspects for
Msg3 PUSCH, including spatial filter setting between PRACH transmission
and corresponding Msg3 PUSCH transmission and open-loop transmission
diversity.

\- Potential specification impacts of spatial filter setting between
PRACH transmission and corresponding Msg3 PUSCH transmission include
specifying the same spatial filter between PRACH transmission and
corresponding Msg3 PUSCH transmission, mechanism to differentiate
enhanced UE and legacy UE.

\- Potential specification impacts of open-loop transmission diversity
include, mechanism to indicate support of transmission diversity for
Msg3 PUSCH with DFT-s-OFDM, mechanism to differentiate enhanced UE and
legacy UE, mechanism to determine the precoder cycling pattern during
random access procedure, e.g. on different Msg3 PUSCH repetitions.

Nine sources (R1-2007745, R1-2007956, R1-2009719, R1-2008028,
R1-2009719, R1-2008421, R1-2009793, R1-2007585, R1-2008480) evaluated
the performance of enhancements on Msg3 repetition.

\- Eight sources (R1-2007745, R1-2007956, R1-2009719, R1-2008028,
R1-2009719, R1-2008421, R1-2009793, R1-2007585) show about 2 dB gain
when the number of repetitions is doubled in FR1.

\- One source (R1-2009793) shows 4.27 dB gain when the number of
repetitions is increased to 8 in FR2.

\- One source (R1-2008028) shows 1.1\~1.75 dB gain when performing
cross-slot channel estimation among 2 repetitions.

\- One source (R1-2007745) shows 0.5\~1.07 dB gain when performing
cross-slot channel estimation among 4 repetitions.

\- One source (R1-2008480) shows 3.8 dB gain with 2 repetitions and
inter-slot hopping comparing with no repetition and no intra-slot
hopping.

\- One source (R1-2008480) shows 3.2 dB gain with 2 repetitions and
inter-slot hopping comparing with no repetition and intra-slot hopping.

Table 6.3.1-1 Performance evaluation for Msg3 PUSCH repetition

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source         | **Frequency    | **Performance  | **Key          |
|                | Range**        | gain**         | Assumptions**  |
+================+================+================+================+
| Source 1       | FR1            | 2.6dB          | Rural, 700MHz, |
| (R1-2007745)   |                |                | O2O, No FH     |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: Msg3   |
|                |                |                | PUSCH with one |
|                |                |                | repetition.    |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: Msg3   |
|                |                |                | PUSCH with two |
|                |                |                | repetitions.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 2.4 dB         | Urban, 4GHz,   |
|                |                |                | O2I, No FH     |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: Msg3   |
|                |                |                | PUSCH with one |
|                |                |                | repetition.    |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: Msg3   |
|                |                |                | PUSCH with two |
|                |                |                | repetitions.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 5.2 dB         | Rural, 700MHz, |
|                |                |                | O2O, No FH     |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: Msg3   |
|                |                |                | PUSCH with one |
|                |                |                | repetition.    |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: Msg3   |
|                |                |                | PUSCH with     |
|                |                |                | four           |
|                |                |                | repetitions.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 4.7 dB         | Urban, 4GHz,   |
|                |                |                | O2I, No FH     |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: Msg3   |
|                |                |                | PUSCH with one |
|                |                |                | repetition.    |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: Msg3   |
|                |                |                | PUSCH with     |
|                |                |                | four           |
|                |                |                | repetitions.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 0.5dB\~ 1.07dB | Urban, 4GHz,   |
|                |                |                | O2I            |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: Msg3   |
|                |                |                | PUSCH with 4   |
|                |                |                | repetitions.   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: Msg3   |
|                |                |                | PUSCH with 4   |
|                |                |                | repetitions    |
|                |                |                | and cross-slot |
|                |                |                | channel        |
|                |                |                | estimation.    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source 2       | FR1            | \~2dB          | TBS = 56, MCS  |
| (R1-2007956)   |                |                | = 0, 3 DMRS    |
|                |                |                | symbols that   |
|                |                |                | are allocated  |
|                |                |                | in each slot   |
|                |                |                | and UE moving  |
|                |                |                | speed of 3km/h |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | \~2dB          |
|                |                |                | performance    |
|                |                |                | gain can be    |
|                |                |                | observed with  |
|                |                |                | doubling the   |
|                |                |                | repetition     |
|                |                |                | levels for     |
|                |                |                | Msg3 PUSCH     |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source 3       | FR1            | 3.46 dB        | Channel: Urban |
| (R1-2009719)   |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Center         |
|                |                |                | frequency: 2.6 |
|                |                |                | GHz, (2        |
|                |                |                | repetition)    |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | RV: 0,0        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 6.27 dB        | Channel: Urban |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Center         |
|                |                |                | frequency: 2.6 |
|                |                |                | GHz, (4        |
|                |                |                | repetition)    |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | RV: 0,0,0,0    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source 4       | FR1            | 2.25dB         | Urban O2I      |
| (R1-2008028)   |                |                | 2.6GHz         |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline : Msg |
|                |                |                | 3 PUSCH with   |
|                |                |                | no repetition  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhancements:  |
|                |                |                | Msg 3 PUSCH    |
|                |                |                | with 2         |
|                |                |                | repetitions (2 |
|                |                |                | slots with no  |
|                |                |                | cross slot     |
|                |                |                | channel        |
|                |                |                | estimation)    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 4dB            | Urban O2I      |
|                |                |                | 2.6GHz         |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline : Msg |
|                |                |                | 3 PUSCH with   |
|                |                |                | no repetition  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhancements:  |
|                |                |                | Msg 3 PUSCH    |
|                |                |                | with 2         |
|                |                |                | repetitions (2 |
|                |                |                | slots with     |
|                |                |                | cross slot     |
|                |                |                | channel        |
|                |                |                | estimation)    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 3.35\~3.75 dB  | Urban O2I      |
|                |                |                | 2.6GHz         |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline : Msg |
|                |                |                | 3 PUSCH with   |
|                |                |                | no repetition  |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhancements:  |
|                |                |                | Msg 3 PUSCH    |
|                |                |                | with 2         |
|                |                |                | repetitions (2 |
|                |                |                | slots with     |
|                |                |                | cross slot     |
|                |                |                | channel        |
|                |                |                | estimation)    |
|                |                |                | with reduced   |
|                |                |                | DMRS           |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source 5       | FR1            | 2-3dB          | PUSCH          |
| (R1-2009719)   |                |                | repetition     |
|                |                |                | Type A and     |
|                |                |                | single slot    |
|                |                |                | channel        |
|                |                |                | estimation is  |
|                |                |                | evaluated as   |
|                |                |                | shown in       |
|                |                |                | R1-2005395.    |
|                |                |                | Repetition     |
|                |                |                | number is set  |
|                |                |                | as 2.          |
|                |                |                | Additional     |
|                |                |                | gain is        |
|                |                |                | achieved via   |
|                |                |                | cross slot     |
|                |                |                | PUSCH channel  |
|                |                |                | estimation.    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source 6       | FR1            | 5.8 dB         | No vs. 8       |
| (R1-2008421)   |                |                | repetitions,   |
|                |                |                | no frequency   |
|                |                |                | hopping        |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | 1% BLER        |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | For 30ns delay |
|                |                |                | spread, 3kmph, |
|                |                |                | 2 Rx, 3 DMRS   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | 2 PRBs, MCS0,  |
|                |                |                | 700 MHz        |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | no             |
|                |                |                | r              |
|                |                |                | etransmissions |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Details in     |
|                |                |                | R1-2008421     |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source 7       | FR1            | 6.83 dB        | Urban 4GHz,    |
| (R1-2009793)   |                |                | NLOS O2I       |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: no     |
|                |                |                | repetition     |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: 8      |
|                |                |                | repetitions    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | FR2            | 4.27 dB        | Urban 28GHz,   |
|                |                |                | NLOS O2I       |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: no     |
|                |                |                | repetition     |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: 8      |
|                |                |                | repetitions    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source 8       | FR1            | 0.1-0.3dB      | Compared with  |
| (R1-2007585)   |                |                | no frequency   |
|                |                |                | hopping,       |
|                |                |                | intra-slot     |
|                |                |                | hopping can    |
|                |                |                | obtain         |
|                |                |                | 0.1-0.3dB SNR  |
|                |                |                | gain.          |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 6 dB           | Rural 4GHz,    |
|                |                |                | NLOS O2I, no   |
|                |                |                | frequency      |
|                |                |                | hopping        |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: no     |
|                |                |                | repetition     |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: 8      |
|                |                |                | repetitions    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source 9       | FR1            | 3.2dB          | 2.6GHz TDD,    |
| (R1-2008480)   |                |                | TBS=56bits,    |
|                |                |                | 2PRB,          |
|                |                |                | MCS=157/1024,  |
|                |                |                | 3km/h          |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | 2 repetition   |
|                |                |                | with           |
|                |                |                | inter-slot     |
|                |                |                | hopping        |
|                |                |                | comparing with |
|                |                |                | no repetition  |
|                |                |                | with           |
|                |                |                | intra-slot     |
|                |                |                | hopping        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 3.8dB          | 2.6GHz TDD,    |
|                |                |                | TBS=56bits,    |
|                |                |                | 2PRB,          |
|                |                |                | MCS=157/1024,  |
|                |                |                | 3km/h          |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | 2 repetition   |
|                |                |                | with           |
|                |                |                | inter-slot     |
|                |                |                | hopping        |
|                |                |                | comparing with |
|                |                |                | no repetition  |
|                |                |                | and no         |
|                |                |                | intra-slot     |
|                |                |                | hopping        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

One source (R1-2009719) evaluated the performance of power boosting
using pi/2 BPSK waveform for Msg3 and shows 3 dB gain for UL duty cycle
lower than 50% and 6 dB gain for UL duty cycle lower than 25%.

Table 6.3.1-2 Performance evaluation for pi/2 BPSK waveform for Msg3
PUSCH

  Source                  **Solution**                              **Performance gain**   **Key Assumptions**
  ----------------------- ----------------------------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------
  Source 1 (R1-2009719)   Power boosting using pi/2 BPSK waveform   3 dB                   \<50% UL duty cycle
                                                                    6 dB                   \<25% UL duty cycle

### 6.3.2 Enhancements for PRACH

PRACH enhancements were studied from several aspects, including multiple
PRACH transmissions with the same beam, multiple PRACH transmissions
with different beams, and PRACH enhancements with finer beam.

Potential specification impacts of multiple PRACH transmissions include:

\- For multiple PRACH transmissions with the same transmission beam and
multiple PRACH transmissions with different transmission beams,
mechanism on triggering/initiating multiple PRACH transmissions,
determination of number of transmissions and transmission pattern,
differentiation between enhanced UE and legacy UE and possible collision
handling between PRACH transmission with and without multiple PRACH
transmissions.

\- Only for multiple PRACH transmissions with different transmission
beams, transmission beam to be used for each initial transmission and
beam determination for the following steps in RACH procedure.

Potential specification impacts of PRACH enhancements with finer beam
include finer beam for PRACH based on CSI-RS resources configured during
initial access.

Two sources (R1-2007745, R1-2009793) evaluated the performance of PRACH
enhancements.

\- One source (R1-2007745) shows 3.7 dB and 5.2 dB gain when performing
2 and 4 PRACH transmissions with the same transmission beam respectively
at 4 GHz in urban scenario.

\- One source (R1-2007745) shows 1.7 dB and 3.7 dB gain when performing
2 and 4 PRACH transmissions with the same transmission beam respectively
at 28 GHz in urban scenario.

\- One source (R1-2009793) shows 2 dB gain when performing 2 PRACH
transmissions with different transmission beams at 2 GHz in rural
scenario.

\- One source (R1-2009793) shows 2 dB and 4.7 dB gain when performing 2
and 4 PRACH transmissions with different transmission beams respectively
at 28 GHz in urban scenario.

Table 6.3.2-1 Performance evaluation for PRACH enhancements

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source         | **Solution**   | **Performance  | **Key          |
|                |                | gain**         | Assumptions**  |
+================+================+================+================+
| Source 1       | Multiple PRACH | 3.7 dB         | Urban, 4GHz,   |
| (R1-2007745)   | transmissions  |                | O2I            |
|                | with the same  |                |                |
|                | beam           |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: one    |
|                |                |                | PRACH          |
|                |                |                | transmission   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: PRACH  |
|                |                |                | with 2         |
|                |                |                | repetitions    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 5.2 dB         | Urban, 4GHz,   |
|                |                |                | O2I            |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: one    |
|                |                |                | PRACH          |
|                |                |                | transmission   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: PRACH  |
|                |                |                | with 4         |
|                |                |                | repetitions    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 1.7 dB         | Urban, 28GHz,  |
|                |                |                | O2I            |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: one    |
|                |                |                | PRACH          |
|                |                |                | transmission   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: PRACH  |
|                |                |                | with 2         |
|                |                |                | repetitions    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 3.7 dB         | Urban, 28GHz,  |
|                |                |                | O2I            |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: one    |
|                |                |                | PRACH          |
|                |                |                | transmission   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: PRACH  |
|                |                |                | with 4         |
|                |                |                | repetitions    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Multiple PRACH | 2.5 dB         | Rural, 2GHz    |
|                | transmissions  |                |                |
|                | with different |                | Baseline       |
|                | beams          |                | scheme: 1      |
|                |                |                | PRACH          |
|                |                |                | transmission   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: 2      |
|                |                |                | PRACH          |
|                |                |                | transmission   |
|                |                |                | with different |
|                |                |                | beam           |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source 2       | Multiple PRACH | 2 dB           | Urban, 28GHz,  |
| (R1-2009793)   | transmissions  |                | O2I            |
|                | with different |                |                |
|                | beams          |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: one    |
|                |                |                | PRACH          |
|                |                |                | transmission   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: bundle |
|                |                |                | of 2 msg1      |
|                |                |                | transmissions, |
|                |                |                | each           |
|                |                |                | transmitted    |
|                |                |                | using a        |
|                |                |                | different      |
|                |                |                | narrow TX      |
|                |                |                | beam. Reported |
|                |                |                | gain is the    |
|                |                |                | one            |
|                |                |                | corresponding  |
|                |                |                | to the highest |
|                |                |                | measured RSRP  |
|                |                |                | at gNB.        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 4.7 dB         | Urban, 28GHz,  |
|                |                |                | O2I            |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: one    |
|                |                |                | PRACH          |
|                |                |                | transmission   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: bundle |
|                |                |                | of 4 msg1      |
|                |                |                | transmissions, |
|                |                |                | each           |
|                |                |                | transmitted    |
|                |                |                | using a        |
|                |                |                | different      |
|                |                |                | narrow TX      |
|                |                |                | beam. Reported |
|                |                |                | gain is the    |
|                |                |                | one            |
|                |                |                | corresponding  |
|                |                |                | to the highest |
|                |                |                | measured RSRP  |
|                |                |                | at gNB.        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

### 6.3.3 Enhancements for broadcast PDCCH

Broadcast PDCCH repetition was studied. Potential specification impacts
include PDCCH repetition configuration.

Compact DCI and PDCCH-less for broadcast PDCCH were studied for
broadcast PDCCH. Potential specification impacts of compact DCI include
mechanism for DCI bit field design for fallback DCI. Potential
specification impacts of PDCCH-less include the mechanism to indicate
the scheduling information for broadcast PDSCH carrying SIB messages.

Three sources (R1-2007745, R1-2009719, R1-2009309) evaluated the
performance of enhancements on PDCCH repetition.

\- Two sources (R1-2009719, R1-2009309) show 2 dB gain and one source
(R1-2007745) shows 2.8\~3.1 dB gain when the number of repetitions is
increased to 2.

\- One source (R1-2007745) shows 4\~5.8 dB gain and one source
(R1-2009309) shows 4 dB gain when the number of repetitions is increased
to 4.

\- One source (R1-2009309) shows about 3dB and 6dB gain if DMRS bundling
is considered for 2 and 4 repetitions respectively.

One source (R1-2009719) evaluated the performance of compact DCI and
shows 1.5 dB gain if the number of DCI payload size is reduced from 40
bits to 20 bits.

Table 6.3.3-1 Performance evaluation for PDCCH enhancements

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source         | **Solution**   | **Performance  | **Key          |
|                |                | gain**         | Assumptions**  |
+================+================+================+================+
| Source 1       | PDCCH          | 2.8\~3.1 dB    | Rural, 2GHz,   |
| (R1-2007745)   | repetition     |                | 2Tx-2Rx, AL=16 |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: one    |
|                |                |                | PDCCH          |
|                |                |                | transmission   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: PDCCH  |
|                |                |                | with 2         |
|                |                |                | repetitions    |
|                |                |                | with separate  |
|                |                |                | decoding or    |
|                |                |                | joint decoding |
|                |                |                | among 2        |
|                |                |                | repetitions.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 4\~5.8 dB      | Urban, 4GHz,   |
|                |                |                | 4Tx-4Rx, AL=16 |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: one    |
|                |                |                | PDCCH          |
|                |                |                | transmission   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: PDCCH  |
|                |                |                | with 4         |
|                |                |                | repetitions    |
|                |                |                | with separate  |
|                |                |                | decoding or    |
|                |                |                | joint decoding |
|                |                |                | among 2        |
|                |                |                | repetitions.   |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source 2       | Aggregation    | 2 dB           | Number of      |
| (R1-2009719)   | for time       |                | PDCCH symbol = |
|                | domain         |                | 2 and 4        |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                | Compact DCI    | 1.5 dB         | Payload size = |
|                |                |                | 40 bits and 20 |
|                |                |                | bits           |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source 3       | PDCCH          | 2-6 dB         | Setup: Urban   |
| (R1-2009309)   | repetitions;   |                | 64 Tx, 4 Rx,   |
|                | PDCCH-DMRS     |                | TDL-C 300ns,   |
|                | bundling       |                | AL 16          |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline: NR   |
|                |                |                | R15/16 PDCCH   |
|                |                |                | (no            |
|                |                |                | repetitions,   |
|                |                |                | no bundling)   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhancement: 2 |
|                |                |                | or 4           |
|                |                |                | repetitions;   |
|                |                |                | with or        |
|                |                |                | without DMRS   |
|                |                |                | bundling.      |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

### 6.3.4 Enhancements for Msg4

Msg4 PDSCH enhancements were studied from several aspects, including
introducing early CSI on Msg3 PUSCH for early link adaptation, scaling
factor for TBS determination and PDSCH repetition. Potential
specification impacts of early CSI on Msg3 PUSCH for early link
adaptation include: CSI-RS resources configured during initial access.
Potential specification impacts of scaling factor for TBS determination
include: TBS determination. Potential specification impacts of PDSCH
repetition include: PDSCH repetition configuration, DMRS design among
PDSCH repetitions.

### 6.3.5 Enhancements for PUCCH with Msg4 HARQ-ACK

PUCCH repetition carrying HARQ-ACK for Msg4 was studied. Potential
specification impacts include related signaling design, differentiation
between enhanced UE and legacy UE.

One source (R1-2007745) evaluated the performance of PUCCH repetition
with HARQ-ACK for Msg4 and shows 3 dB and 6 dB gain when the number
repetitions is increased to 2 and 4 respectively at 2 GHz in rural
scenario.

Table 6.3.5-1 Performance evaluation for PUCCH carrying HARQ-ACK for
Msg4

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source         | **Solution**   | **Performance  | **Key          |
|                |                | gain**         | Assumptions**  |
+================+================+================+================+
| Source 1       | PUCCH          | 3 dB           | Rural, 2GHz,   |
| (R1-2007745)   | repetition     |                | 2Rx, PUCCH     |
|                |                |                | format 1, 1    |
|                |                |                | bit            |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: one    |
|                |                |                | PUCCH          |
|                |                |                | transmission   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: PUCCH  |
|                |                |                | with 2         |
|                |                |                | repetitions    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
|                |                | 6 dB           | Rural, 2GHz,   |
|                |                |                | 2Rx, PUCCH     |
|                |                |                | format 1, 1    |
|                |                |                | bit            |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: one    |
|                |                |                | PUCCH          |
|                |                |                | transmission   |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: PUCCH  |
|                |                |                | with 4         |
|                |                |                | repetitions    |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

### 6.3.6 Enhancements for SSB

Increasing the number of SSB beams was studied, and potential
specification impacts include mechanism for indication of SSB beam
index, mechanism to ensure backward compatibility with legacy UE.

UE awareness of paired orthogonally polarized SSBs has been studied.
Potential specification impacts of dual polarized SSBs with the same
spatial filter setting include mechanisms to ensure UE awareness of
polarization properties of SSBs, e.g., communication of paired SSB
indices associated with the same spatial filtering and different
polarizations, to the UE.

One source (R1-2007745) evaluated the performance of increasing the
number of SSBs and shows 1.84 dB gain when the number of SSBs is
increased from 4 to 8 at 700MHz in rural scenario.

Table 6.3.6-1 Performance evaluation for SSB enhancements

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source         | **Solution**   | **Performance  | **Key          |
|                |                | gain**         | Assumptions**  |
+================+================+================+================+
| Source 1       | Increasing the | 1.84 dB        | Rural, 700MHz  |
| (R1-2007745)   | number of SSBs |                |                |
|                |                |                | Baseline       |
|                |                |                | scheme: 4 SSBs |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Enhanced       |
|                |                |                | scheme: 8 SSBs |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

### 6.3.7 Beam reporting during initial/random access procedure

Beam reporting during initial/random access procedure is intended to
enhance Msg3 re-transmission, Msg4 initial transmission, Msg4
re-transmission and PDSCH out of RACH procedure while without dedicated
RRC configuration.

Beam reporting during initial/random access procedure was studied from
several aspects, including the best SSB, alternative SSB beam and early
CSI report in Msg3 PUSCH. Potential specification impacts include
signaling design in Msg3 PUSCH, CSI-RS resources configured during
initial access, beam indication for the following steps for RACH
procedure.

### 6.3.8 Others

A-CSI repetition on PUSCH was studied. Potential specification impacts
include mechanism to determine A-CSI repetitions on PUSCH, e.g. A-CSI
request and/or repetition factor in UL DCI, one A-CSI in each PUSCH
repetition, and PUSCH repetition type A.

A-CSI on PUCCH to allow A-CSI repetition was studied. Potential
specification impacts include mechanism to determine the repetition of
A-CSI PUCCH, e.g. CSI request and/or repetition factor in the downlink
DCI, configuration of repetition levels per PUCCH resource, and related
timeline, mechanism for the PUCCH resource determination, e.g. based on
existing PUCCH resource configuration framework in DL DCI (i.e., DCI
format 1\_0, 1\_1, 1\_2), existing PUCCH formats that can carry CSI, and
RS resource for CSI measurement (e.g. aperiodic CSI-RS, DMRS).

One source (R1-2008421) evaluated the performance of A-CSI repetition on
PUSCH and shows 4 dB gain for 8 repetitions with 11 bits CSI at 10% BLER
target at 4GHz.

Table 6.3.8-1 Performance evaluation for A-CSI on PUSCH

+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+
| Source         | **Solution**   | **Performance  | **Key          |
|                |                | gain**         | Assumptions**  |
+================+================+================+================+
| Source 1 (     | A-CSI          | 4.0 dB         | [8 aperiodic   |
| R1-2008421)    | repetition on  |                | repetitions    |
|                | PUSCH          |                | vs. no         |
|                |                |                | repetitio      |
|                |                |                | n]{.underline} |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | 11 bits CSI;   |
|                |                |                | 10% BLER       |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | For 300ns      |
|                |                |                | delay spread,  |
|                |                |                | 3kmph, 4 Rx    |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | Format 3, 4    |
|                |                |                | GHz            |
|                |                |                |                |
|                |                |                | No frequency   |
|                |                |                | hopping, 4     |
|                |                |                | DMRS           |
+----------------+----------------+----------------+----------------+

7 Conclusions
=============

The following channels are identified as the potential bottleneck
channels for FR1:

\- 1st priority

\- PUSCH for eMBB (for FDD and TDD with DDDSU, DDDSUDDSUU and
DDDDDDDSUU)

\- PUSCH for VoIP (for FDD and TDD with DDDSU, DDDSUDDSUU)

\- 2nd priority

\- PRACH format B4

\- PUSCH of Msg.3

\- PUCCH format 1

\- PUCCH format 3 with 11bit

\- PUCCH format 3 with 22bit

\- Broadcast PDCCH

The following channels are identified as the potential bottleneck
channels for Urban 28 GHz scenario:

\- PUSCH eMBB (DDDSU and DDSU)

\- PUSCH VoIP (DDDSU and DDSU)

\- PUCCH F3 11bits

\- PUCCH F3 22bits

\- PRACH B4

\- PUSCH of Msg3

Enhancements on PUSCH repetition type A is beneficial for PUSCH coverage
enhancements for TDD. It is recommended to support enhancements on PUSCH
repetition type A in Rel-17, including the following two options
(potential down-selection during the WI phase):

\- Option 1: Increasing the maximum number of repetitions, e.g., up to
32.

\- Option 2: The number of repetitions counted on the basis of available
UL slots.

TB processing over multi-slot PUSCH is beneficial for PUSCH coverage
enhancements. It is recommended to support TB processing over multi-slot
PUSCH in Rel-17, including:

\- TBS determined based on multiple slots and transmitted over multiple
integer slots.

Joint channel estimation is beneficial for PUSCH coverage enhancements.
It is recommended to support joint channel estimation or DM-RS bundling
for PUSCH in Rel-17, including:

\- Joint channel estimation over consecutive PUSCH transmissions

\- Inter-slot frequency hopping with inter-slot bundling

########  Annex \<A\>: Simulation assumptions

A.1 Simulation assumptions for FR1
==================================

This clause describes the link-level simulation assumptions for FR1.
Table A.1-1 shows the general parameters for all channels. Table
A.1-2\~Table A.1-8 shows the channel-specific parameters for each
channel respectively.

Table A.1-1: General parameters for FR1

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Parameter                        | Value                            |
+==================================+==================================+
| Scenario and frequency           | Urban: 4GHz (TDD), 2.6GHz (TDD)  |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Rural: 4GHz (TDD), 2.6GHz (TDD), |
|                                  | 2GHz (FDD), 700MHz (FDD)         |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Rural with long distance: 700MHz |
|                                  | (FDD), 4GHz (TDD)                |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Frame structure for TDD          | DDDSU (S: 10D:2G:2U) only for    |
|                                  | 4GHz                             |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DDDSUDDSUU (S: 10D:2G:2U) only   |
|                                  | for 4GHz                         |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DDDDDDDSUU (S: 6D:4G:4U) only    |
|                                  | for 2.6GHz                       |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Other frame structures can be    |
|                                  | reported by companies.           |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Target data rates for eMBB       | Urban: DL 10Mbps, UL 1Mbps       |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Rural: DL 1Mbps, UL 100kbps      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Rural with long distance: DL     |
|                                  | 1Mbps, UL 100kbps, 30kbps        |
|                                  | (optional)                       |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Packet size for VoIP             | A packet size of 320 bits with   |
|                                  | 20ms data arriving interval is   |
|                                  | adopted.                         |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  |                Size (bits)       |
|                                  |   ------------ ----              |
|                                  | -------------------------------- |
|                                  |   Payload      256               |
|                                  |   CRC          16                |
|                                  |  (TBS size lower than 3824 bits) |
|                                  |   MAC                            |
|                                  |        16 (with 12 bits SN size) |
|                                  |   RLC                            |
|                                  |          8 (with 6 bits SN size) |
|                                  |   PDCP         16                |
|                                  |   RTP/UDP/IP   24 (w RoHC)       |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | If applicable, companies report  |
|                                  | TB size assumed in evaluation.   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | For SIP invite message           |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Payload of 1500 bytes can be  |
|                                  | a starting point.                |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- The assumptions (TB size,     |
|                                  | time period etc.) are reported   |
|                                  | by companies.                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Contributions R1-2003464 and  |
|                                  | R1-2005259 are taken into        |
|                                  | account for the evaluation       |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- In addition, 1 second time    |
|                                  | period can also be considered.   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Latency requirements for VoIP    | Latency requirements assumed in  |
|                                  | VoIP evaluation for TDD and FDD  |
|                                  | are reported by companies.       |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Pathloss model (select from LoS  | Urban: NLoS                      |
| or NLoS)                         |                                  |
|                                  | Rural: NLoS and LoS              |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **BWP**                          | 100MHz for 4GHz and 2.6GHz.      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | 20MHz for 2GHz (FDD)             |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | 20MHz (optional for 10MHz) for   |
|                                  | 700MHz. (FDD)                    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Channel model for link-level     | TDL-C for NLOS, TDL-D for LOS.   |
| simulation                       |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Delay spread                     | Urban: 300ns                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Rural: 300ns                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Rural with long distance: 30ns   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| UE velocity                      | Urban: 3km/h for indoor          |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Rural: 3km/h for indoor, 120km/h |
|                                  | (optional 30km/h) for outdoor    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Number of antenna elements for   | \- Urban: 192 antenna elements   |
| BS                               | for 4GHz and 2.6GHz,             |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | (M,N,P,Mg,Ng) = (12,8,2,1,1)     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | (optional) 128 antenna elements  |
|                                  | for 4GHz,                        |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | (M,N,P,Mg,Ng) = (8,8,2,1,1)      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Rural: 64 antenna elements    |
|                                  | for 4GHz and 2.6GHz              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | (M,N,P,Mg,Ng) = (8,4,2,1,1)      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | 32 antenna elements for 2GHz     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | (M,N,P,Mg,Ng) = (8,2,2,1,1)      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | 16 antenna elements for 700MHz   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | (M,N,P,Mg,Ng) = (4,2,2,1,1)      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Number of TxRUs for BS           | gNB architectures to study:      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 2 or 4 TXRUs for 2GHz, 700    |
|                                  | MHz                              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 64TxRUs for 2.6 and 4 GHz.    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Optional: 32 TXRUs at 2 GHz   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | gNB modeling in LLS for TDL:     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Option 1: 2 or 4 gNB RF       |
|                                  | chains in LLS.                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Option 2 (Optional): Number   |
|                                  | of gNB RF chains = number of     |
|                                  | TXRUs in LLS.                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Companies can report if and   |
|                                  | how correlation is modelled.     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

Table A.1-2: Channel-specific parameters for PUSCH for FR1

+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Parameter                    | Value                                |
+==============================+======================================+
| Frequency hopping            | w/ or w/o frequency hopping          |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| BLER                         | For eMBB, w/ HARQ, 10% iBLER; w/o    |
|                              | HARQ, 10% iBLER.                     |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | For VoIP, 2% rBLER.                  |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Number of UE transmit chains | 1, 2 (optional)                      |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| DMRS configuration           | For 3km/h: Type I, 1 or 2 DMRS       |
|                              | symbol, no multiplexing with data.   |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | For 120km/h, (Optional: 30km/h):     |
|                              | Type I, 2 or 3 DMRS symbol, no       |
|                              | multiplexing with data.              |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | For frequency hopping: Type I, 1 or  |
|                              | 2 DMRS symbol for each hop, no       |
|                              | multiplexing with data.              |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | PUSCH mapping Type, the number of    |
|                              | DMRS symbols and DMRS position(s)    |
|                              | are reported by companies.           |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Waveform                     | DFT-s-OFDM, CP-OFDM (optional)       |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| **SCS**                      | 30kHz for TDD, 15kHz for FDD.        |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| PUSCH duration               | 14 OS                                |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Repetitions                  | For eMBB, w/o repetition as          |
|                              | baseline, w/ repetition (optional).  |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | For VoIP, w/ type A repetition,      |
|                              | optional for type B repetition.      |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | The actual number of repetitions is  |
|                              | reported by companies.               |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| HARQ configuration           | For eMBB, whether HARQ is adopted is |
|                              | reported by companies.               |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | For VoIP, w/ HARQ.                   |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | The maximum number of HARQ           |
|                              | transmission (limited by frame       |
|                              | structure and latency requirements)  |
|                              | can be reported by companies.        |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| PRBs/TBS/MCS for eMBB        | Any value of PRBs, and corresponding |
|                              | MCS index, reported by companies     |
|                              | will be considered in the            |
|                              | discussion. Companies are encouraged |
|                              | to use 30 PRBs for 1Mbps, 4 PRBs for |
|                              | 100kbps, 1 PRB for 30kbps as a       |
|                              | starting point.                      |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | TBS can be calculated based on e.g.  |
|                              | the number of PRBs, target data      |
|                              | rate, frame structure and overhead.  |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| PRBs/MCS for VoIP            | 4 PRBs for VoIP as starting point.   |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | Other values of PRBs can be reported |
|                              | by companies.                        |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | QPSK, pi/2 BPSK (optional)           |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+

Table A.1-3: Channel-specific parameters for PUCCH for FR1

+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Parameter                    | Value                                |
+==============================+======================================+
| PUCCH format                 | Format 1, 2bits UCI.                 |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | Format 3, 4bits (3 bits A/N + 1 bit  |
|                              | SR)/11/22 bits UCI                   |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Frequency hopping            | w/ frequency hopping                 |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| BLER                         | \- For PUCCH format 1:               |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | DTX to ACK probability: 1%. NACK to  |
|                              | ACK probability: 0.1%.               |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | ACK missed detection probability:    |
|                              | 1%.                                  |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | \- For PUCCH format 3:               |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | BLER for Ack/Nack, SR: 1%            |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | BLER for CSI: 1%, optional for 10%.  |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Number of UE transmit chains | 1                                    |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| DMRS configuration           | Number of DMRS symbols for PUCCH     |
|                              | Format 3: Reported by companies      |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| **SCS**                      | 30kHz for TDD, 15kHz for FDD.        |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Repetitions                  | w/ repetition (optional), w/o        |
|                              | repetition for PUCCH.                |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | The maximum number of repetitions is |
|                              | 8.                                   |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| PUCCH duration               | 14 OS                                |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Number of PRBs               | 1 PRB                                |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+

Table A.1-4: Channel-specific parameters for PRACH for FR1

+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Parameter                    | Value                                |
+==============================+======================================+
| Format                       | Format 0, Format B4, or Format C2    |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| SCS                          | Reported by companies.               |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Performance metric           | 1% missed detection at 0.1% false    |
|                              | alarm probability                    |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | 10% missed detection: reported by    |
|                              | companies if this value is used      |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Number of UE transmit chains | 1, 2 (optional)                      |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Other parameters             | Reported by companies.               |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+

Table A.1-5: Channel-specific parameters for PUSCH of Msg.3 for FR1

+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Parameter                    | Value                                |
+==============================+======================================+
| Frequency hopping            | w/ or w/o frequency hopping          |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Number of UE transmit chains | 1, 2 (optional)                      |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Number of DMRS symbol        | w/o frequency hopping: 3,            |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | w/ frequency hopping: 2 for each hop |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Waveform                     | DFT-s-OFDM                           |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| **SCS**                      | 30kHz for TDD, 15kHz for FDD.        |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| HARQ configuration           | For eMBB, whether HARQ is adopted is |
|                              | reported by companies.               |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | For VoIP, w/ HARQ.                   |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | The maximum number of HARQ           |
|                              | transmission (limited by frame       |
|                              | structure and latency requirements)  |
|                              | can be reported by companies.        |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| PUSCH duration               | 14 OS                                |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Number of PRBs               | 2                                    |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| TBS                          | 56 bits                              |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Other parameters             | Reported by companies.               |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+

Table A.1-6: Channel-specific parameters for PDSCH for FR1

+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Parameter                       | Value                             |
+=================================+===================================+
| BLER                            | For eMBB, w/ HARQ, 10% iBLER; w/o |
|                                 | HARQ, 10% iBLER.                  |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | For VoIP, 2% rBLER.               |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Waveform                        | CP-OFDM                           |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Number of UE receive chains     | 4 for 4GHz/2.6GHz, 2 or 4 for     |
|                                 | 2GHz, 2 for 700MHz                |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| **SCS**                         | 30kHz for TDD, 15kHz for FDD.     |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| HARQ configuration              | For eMBB, whether HARQ is adopted |
|                                 | is reported by companies.         |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | For VoIP, w/ HARQ.                |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | The maximum number of HARQ        |
|                                 | transmission (limited by frame    |
|                                 | structure and latency             |
|                                 | requirements) can be reported by  |
|                                 | companies.                        |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| DMRS configuration              | 3 DMRS symbols is used for PDSCH  |
|                                 | of Msg.2.                         |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | For 3km/h: Type I, 1 or 2 DMRS    |
|                                 | symbol, no multiplexing with      |
|                                 | data.                             |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | For 120km/h, (Optional: 30km/h):  |
|                                 | Type I, 2 or 3 DMRS symbol, no    |
|                                 | multiplexing with data.           |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | For frequency hopping: Type I, 1  |
|                                 | or 2 DMRS symbol for each hop, no |
|                                 | multiplexing with data.           |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | PDSCH mapping Type, the number of |
|                                 | DMRS symbols and DMRS position(s) |
|                                 | are reported by companies.        |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| PRBs/MCS/TBS                    | Reported by companies.            |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| PDSCH duration                  | 12 OS                             |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | For PDSCH of Msg.4, 12 OS         |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Payload size for PDSCH of Msg.4 | 1040 bits                         |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Other parameters                | Reported by companies.            |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+

Table A.1-7: Channel-specific parameters for PDCCH for FR1

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Parameter                        | Value                            |
+==================================+==================================+
| Number of UE receive chains      | 4 for 4GHz/2.6GHz, 2 or 4 for    |
|                                  | 2GHz, 2 for 700MHz               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **SCS**                          | 30kHz for TDD, 15kHz for FDD.    |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Aggregation level                | 16                               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Payload                          | 40 bits                          |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| CORESET size                     | 2 symbols, 48 PRBs               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Tx Diversity                     | Reported by companies            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| BLER                             | 1% BLER                          |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | optional for 10% BLER            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Number of SSB for broadcast      | Reported by companies            |
| PDCCH of Msg.2                   |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Other parameters                 | Reported by companies            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

Table A.1-8: Channel-specific parameters for SSB for FR1

+-----------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| Parameter                   | Value                                 |
+=============================+=======================================+
| Number of UE receive chains | 4 for 4GHz/2.6GHz, 2 or 4 for 2GHz, 2 |
|                             | for 700MHz                            |
+-----------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **SCS**                     | 30kHz for TDD, 15kHz for FDD.         |
+-----------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| Periodicity                 | 20ms                                  |
+-----------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| Performance metric          | Combination of 4 SSBs in 80ms.        |
|                             |                                       |
|                             | Note: UE is not assumed to know the   |
|                             | SS/PBCH block index                   |
+-----------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| Other parameters            | Reported by companies.                |
+-----------------------------+---------------------------------------+

A.2 Simulation assumptions for FR2
==================================

This clause describes the link-level simulation assumptions for FR2.
Table A.2-1 shows the general parameters for all channels. Table
A.2-2\~Table A.2-8 shows the channel-specific parameters for each
channel respectively.

Table A.2-1: General parameters for FR2

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Parameter                        | Value                            |
+==================================+==================================+
| Scenario and frequency           | Indoor: 28GHz (TDD)              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Urban: 28GHz (TDD)               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Suburban: 28GHz (TDD)            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Frame structure for TDD          | DDDSU (S: 10D:2G:2U)             |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | DDSU (S: 11D:3G:0U)              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Other frame structures can be    |
|                                  | reported by companies.           |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Target data rates for eMBB       | Indoor: DL: 25Mbps, UL:5Mbps     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Urban: DL: 25Mbps, UL: 5Mbps     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Suburban: DL: 1Mbps, UL: 50kbps  |
|                                  | (low priority)                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Packet size for VoIP             | A packet size of 320 bits with   |
|                                  | 20ms data arriving interval is   |
|                                  | adopted.                         |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  |                Size (bits)       |
|                                  |   ------------ ----              |
|                                  | -------------------------------- |
|                                  |   Payload      256               |
|                                  |   CRC          16                |
|                                  |  (TBS size lower than 3824 bits) |
|                                  |   MAC                            |
|                                  |        16 (with 12 bits SN size) |
|                                  |   RLC                            |
|                                  |          8 (with 6 bits SN size) |
|                                  |   PDCP         16                |
|                                  |   RTP/UDP/IP   24 (w RoHC)       |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | If applicable, companies report  |
|                                  | TB size assumed in evaluation.   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | For SIP invite message           |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Payload of 1500 bytes can be  |
|                                  | a starting point.                |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- The assumptions (TB size,     |
|                                  | time period etc.) are reported   |
|                                  | by companies.                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Contributions R1-2003464 and  |
|                                  | R1-2005259 are taken into        |
|                                  | account for the evaluation       |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- In addition, 1 second time    |
|                                  | period can also be considered.   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Latency requirements for VoIP    | Latency requirements assumed in  |
|                                  | VoIP evaluation for TDD and FDD  |
|                                  | are reported by companies.       |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| **BWP**                          | 100MHz, \[400MHz\]               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Channel model for link-level     | CDL- A, TDL-A, \[urban/suburban: |
| simulation                       | TDL-C\]                          |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Note: company can provide        |
|                                  | simulation results based on      |
|                                  | either TDL channel or CDL model  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Delay spread                     | Indoor scenario: 30ns            |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Urban scenario: 100ns            |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Suburban scenario: 100ns         |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| UE velocity                      | Indoor scenario:3km/h            |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Urban scenario: 3km/h for        |
|                                  | indoor, 30km/h for outdoor.      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Suburban scenario: 3km/h for     |
|                                  | indoor, 30km/h, (optional:       |
|                                  | 120km/h) for outdoor.            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Number of antenna elements for   | Indoor scenario: 128             |
| BS                               |                                  |
|                                  | (M, N, P, Mg, Ng) = (8, 8, 2, 1, |
|                                  | 1)                               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Urban/suburban scenario:         |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | 256, (M,N,P,Mg,Ng) = (4, 8, 2,   |
|                                  | 2, 2)                            |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Optional: 512, (M,N,P,Mg,Ng) =   |
|                                  | (8,8,2,2,2)                      |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Number of TxRUs for BS           | 2                                |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Note: Analog beamforming is      |
|                                  | assumed.                         |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Number of UE antenna elements    | 8, one panel:(M, N, P) =         |
|                                  | (2,2,2),                         |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

Table A.2-2: Channel-specific parameters for PUSCH for FR2

+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Parameter                 | Value                                   |
+===========================+=========================================+
| Frequency hopping         | w/ or w/o frequency hopping             |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
| BLER                      | For eMBB,                               |
|                           |                                         |
|                           | w/ HARQ, 10% iBLER, Optional: companies |
|                           | report rBLER.                           |
|                           |                                         |
|                           | w/o HARQ, 10% iBLER.                    |
|                           |                                         |
|                           | For VoIP, 2% rBLER.                     |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Number of UE Tx/Rx chains | 1T2R, 2T2R                              |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
| DMRS configuration        | For 3km/h: Type I, 1 or 2 DMRS symbol,  |
|                           | no multiplexing with data.              |
|                           |                                         |
|                           | For 30km/h (optional: 120km/h): Type I, |
|                           | 2 or 3 DMRS symbol, no multiplexing     |
|                           | with data.                              |
|                           |                                         |
|                           | For frequency hopping for PUSCH: Type   |
|                           | I, 1 or 2 DMRS symbol for each hop, no  |
|                           | multiplexing with data.                 |
|                           |                                         |
|                           | PUSCH/PDSCH mapping Type, the number of |
|                           | DMRS symbols and DMRS position(s) are   |
|                           | reported by companies.                  |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Waveform                  | DFT-s-OFDM                              |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
| **SCS**                   | 120kHz.                                 |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
| PUSCH duration            | 14 OS                                   |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Repetitions               | For eMBB, w/o repetition as baseline,   |
|                           | w/ repetition (optional).               |
|                           |                                         |
|                           | For VoIP, w/ repetition.                |
|                           |                                         |
|                           | The actual number of repetitions is     |
|                           | reported by companies.                  |
|                           |                                         |
|                           | Only PUSCH repetition type A is         |
|                           | considered for baseline performance     |
|                           | evaluation.                             |
|                           |                                         |
|                           | o Note: companies are not precluded to  |
|                           | report results for repetition type B.   |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
| HARQ configuration        | For eMBB, whether HARQ is adopted is    |
|                           | reported by companies.                  |
|                           |                                         |
|                           | For VoIP, w/ HARQ.                      |
|                           |                                         |
|                           | The maximum number of HARQ transmission |
|                           | (limited by frame structure and latency |
|                           | requirements) can be reported by        |
|                           | companies.                              |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
| PRBs/TBS/MCS for eMBB     | Any value of PRBs, and corresponding    |
|                           | MCS index, reported by companies will   |
|                           | be considered in the discussion.        |
|                           | Companies are encouraged to use \[30\]  |
|                           | PRBs for 5Mbps for PUSCH as a starting  |
|                           | point.                                  |
|                           |                                         |
|                           | TBS can be calculated based on e.g. the |
|                           | number of PRBs, target data rate, frame |
|                           | structure and overhead.                 |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
| PRBs/MCS for VoIP         | \[4 PRBs\] for VoIP as starting point.  |
|                           | Other values of PRBs can be reported by |
|                           | companies.                              |
|                           |                                         |
|                           | QPSK for PUSCH                          |
|                           |                                         |
|                           | Optional: pi/2 BPSK for PUSCH           |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+

Table A.2-3: Channel-specific parameters for PUCCH for FR2

+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Parameter                    | Value                                |
+==============================+======================================+
| PUCCH format                 | Format 1, 2bits UCI.                 |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | Format 3, \[4bits (3 bits A/N + 1    |
|                              | bit SR)\]/11/22 bits UCI             |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Frequency hopping            | w/ frequency hopping                 |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| BLER                         | \- For PUCCH format 1:               |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | DTX to ACK probability: 1%. NACK to  |
|                              | ACK probability: 0.1%.               |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | ACK missed detection probability:    |
|                              | 1%.                                  |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | \- For PUCCH format 3:               |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | BLER: 1%                             |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Number of UE transmit chains | 1                                    |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| DMRS configuration for       | 4 DMRS symbols for PUCCH Format 3.   |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| **SCS**                      | 120kHz                               |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Repetitions                  | w/ repetition (optional), w/o        |
|                              | repetition for PUCCH.                |
|                              |                                      |
|                              | The maximum number of repetitions is |
|                              | 8.                                   |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| PUCCH duration               | 14 OFDM symbols                      |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
| Number of PRBs               | 1 PRB                                |
+------------------------------+--------------------------------------+

Table A.2-4: Channel-specific parameters for PRACH for FR2

  Parameter                Value
  ------------------------ -------------------------------------
  Format                   Format B4, (Optional: Format C2)
  SCS                      Reported by companies.
  Performance metric       0.1% false alarm, 1% miss-detection
  Number of UE Tx chains   1T, 2T
  Number of SSB beams      Reported by companies
  Other parameters         Reported by companies.

Table A.2-5: Channel-specific parameters for PUSCH of Msg.3 for FR2

+------------------------+--------------------------------------------+
| Parameter              | Value                                      |
+========================+============================================+
| Frequency hopping      | w/ or w/o frequency hopping                |
+------------------------+--------------------------------------------+
| Number of UE Tx chains | 1T, 2T                                     |
+------------------------+--------------------------------------------+
| Number of DMRS symbol  | w/o frequency hopping: 3,                  |
|                        |                                            |
|                        | w/ frequency hopping: 2 for each hop       |
+------------------------+--------------------------------------------+
| Waveform               | DFT-s-OFDM                                 |
+------------------------+--------------------------------------------+
| **SCS**                | 120kHz                                     |
+------------------------+--------------------------------------------+
| HARQ configuration     | For eMBB, whether HARQ is adopted is       |
|                        | reported by companies.                     |
|                        |                                            |
|                        | For VoIP, w/ HARQ.                         |
|                        |                                            |
|                        | The maximum number of HARQ transmission    |
|                        | (limited by frame structure and latency    |
|                        | requirements) can be reported by           |
|                        | companies.                                 |
+------------------------+--------------------------------------------+
| TBS                    | 56 bits                                    |
+------------------------+--------------------------------------------+
| PUSCH duration         | 14 OS                                      |
+------------------------+--------------------------------------------+
| Number of PRBs         | 2                                          |
+------------------------+--------------------------------------------+
| Other parameters       | Reported by companies.                     |
+------------------------+--------------------------------------------+

Table A.2-6: Channel-specific parameters for PDSCH for FR2

+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Parameter                       | Value                             |
+=================================+===================================+
| BLER                            | For eMBB,                         |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | w/ HARQ, 10% iBLER, Optional:     |
|                                 | companies report rBLER.           |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | w/o HARQ, 10% iBLER.              |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | For VoIP, 2% rBLER.               |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Waveform                        | CP-OFDM                           |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Number of UE receive chains     | 2                                 |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| **SCS**                         | 120kHz                            |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| HARQ configuration              | For eMBB, whether HARQ is adopted |
|                                 | is reported by companies.         |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | For VoIP, w/ HARQ.                |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | The maximum number of HARQ        |
|                                 | transmission (limited by frame    |
|                                 | structure and latency             |
|                                 | requirements) can be reported by  |
|                                 | companies.                        |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| DMRS configuration              | For 3km/h: Type I, 1 or 2 DMRS    |
|                                 | symbol, no multiplexing with      |
|                                 | data.                             |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | For 30km/h (optional: 120km/h):   |
|                                 | Type I, 2 or 3 DMRS symbol, no    |
|                                 | multiplexing with data.           |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | For frequency hopping for PUSCH:  |
|                                 | Type I, 1 or 2 DMRS symbol for    |
|                                 | each hop, no multiplexing with    |
|                                 | data.                             |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | PUSCH/PDSCH mapping Type, the     |
|                                 | number of DMRS symbols and DMRS   |
|                                 | position(s) are reported by       |
|                                 | companies.                        |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| PRBs/TBS/MCS for eMBB           | Any value of PRBs, and            |
|                                 | corresponding MCS index, reported |
|                                 | by companies will be considered   |
|                                 | in the discussion. Companies are  |
|                                 | encouraged to use full bandwidth  |
|                                 | for 25Mbps for PDSCH as a         |
|                                 | starting point.                   |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | TBS can be calculated based on    |
|                                 | e.g. the number of PRBs, target   |
|                                 | data rate, frame structure and    |
|                                 | overhead.                         |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| PRBs/MCS for VoIP               | \[4 PRBs\] for VoIP as starting   |
|                                 | point. Other values of PRBs can   |
|                                 | be reported by companies.         |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | QPSK for PDSCH                    |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| PDSCH duration                  | 12 OS                             |
|                                 |                                   |
|                                 | For PDSCH of Msg.4, 12 OS         |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Payload size for PDSCH of Msg.4 | 1040 bits                         |
+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------+

Table A.2-7: Channel-specific parameters for PDCCH for FR2

  Parameter                                    Value
  -------------------------------------------- -----------------------
  Number of UE receive chains                  2
  **SCS**                                      120kHz
  Aggregation level                            16
  Payload                                      40 bits
  CORESET size                                 2 symbols, 48 PRBs
  Tx Diversity                                 Reported by companies
  BLER                                         1% BLER
  Number of SSB for broadcast PDCCH of Msg.2   Reported by companies
  Other parameters                             Reported by companies

Table A.2-8: Channel-specific parameters for SSB for FR2

+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Parameter                 | Value                                   |
+===========================+=========================================+
| Number of UE Tx/Rx chains | 1T2R, 2T2R                              |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
| **SCS**                   | 120kHz                                  |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Periodicity               | 20ms                                    |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Performance metric        | Combination of 4 SSBs in 80ms.          |
|                           |                                         |
|                           | Note: UE is not assumed to know the     |
|                           | SS/PBCH block index                     |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
| Other parameters          | Reported by companies.                  |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------------+

A.3 Link budget template
========================

Table A.3: Link budget template

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| System configuration             |                                  |
+==================================+==================================+
| Channel for evaluation           | **PUSCH/ PUCCH/ Msg.3 PUSCH/     |
|                                  | PRACH/ Broadcast PDCCH(Msg.2     |
|                                  | PDCCH)/ Msg.2 PDSCH/ Msg.4       |
|                                  | PDSCH/ PDSCH/ Unicast PDCCH/     |
|                                  | SSB/ PUSCH for CSI/PUCCH with    |
|                                  | HARQ-ACK for Msg.4/ PUSCH with   |
|                                  | SIP invite**                     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Scenarios and Carrier frequency  | **For FR1:**                     |
| (GHz)                            |                                  |
|                                  | \- **Urban 4 GHz TDD/ 2.6 GHz    |
|                                  | TDD**                            |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- **Rural 4 GHz TDD/ 2.6 GHz    |
|                                  | TDD/ 2 GHz FDD/ 700 MHz FDD**    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- **Rural with long distance    |
|                                  | 700 MHz FDD/ 4 GHz TDD**         |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | **For FR2:**                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- **Indoor 28 GHz TDD**         |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- **Urban 28 GHz TDD**          |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- **Suburban 28 GHz TDD**       |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| BS antenna heights (m)           | Reported by companies, 25m for   |
|                                  | urban, 35m for rural can be used |
|                                  | as a starting point.             |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| UT antenna heights (m)           | Reported by companies, 1.5m can  |
|                                  | be used as a starting point.     |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Cell area reliability (%)        | Reported by companies, 95% for   |
|                                  | control channel, 90% for data    |
|                                  | channel can be used as a         |
|                                  | starting point.                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Lognormal shadow fading std      | **Reported by companies**        |
| deviation (dB)                   |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Tx Diversity                     | **Reported by companies**        |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Number of SSB                    | **Reported by companies**        |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Transmitter                      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(1\) Number of transmit antenna | For FR1 BS:                      |
| elements                         |                                  |
|                                  | \- Urban:                        |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 192 antenna elements for 4GHz |
|                                  | and 2.6GHz                       |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- (optional) 128 antenna        |
|                                  | elements for 4GHz                |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Rural:                        |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 64 for 4GHz and 2.6GHz        |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 32 antenna elements for 2GHz  |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | For FR2 BS:                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Indoor scenario: 128          |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Urban/suburban scenario: 256, |
|                                  | Optional: 512                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | For FR1 UE:                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 1                             |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 2 (optional)                  |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | For FR2 UE:                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 8                             |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(2\) Number of transmit         | FR1 BS:                          |
| TxRUs~~\                         |                                  |
| ~~Note: this row is void (left   | \- 2 or 4 TXRUs for 2GHz, 700    |
| empty) for uplink                | MHz                              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 64TxRUs for 2.6 and 4 GHz     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Optional: 32 TXRUs at 2 GHz   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | FR2 BS:                          |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 2                             |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (2a) Number of transmit chains   | For FR1 BS:                      |
| modelled in LLS                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Option 1: 2 or 4 gNB transmit |
|                                  | chains in LLS.                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Option 2 (optional): Number   |
|                                  | of gNB transmit chains = number  |
|                                  | of TXRUs                         |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | FR2 BS:                          |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 2                             |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | For FR1 UE:                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- PUSCH/ Msg.3 PUSCH/ PRACH: 1, |
|                                  | 2 (optional)                     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- PUCCH: 1                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | For FR2 UE:                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Option 1: PUSCH/ Msg.3 PUSCH/ |
|                                  | PRACH: 1, 2; PUCCH: 1            |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Option 2: 8                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(3\) Total transmit power (dBm) | For FR1 UE:                      |
| ~~\                              |                                  |
| ~~Note: total transmit power for | \- 23 dBm for UE                 |
| system bandwidth                 |                                  |
|                                  | For FR2 UE:                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 23 dBm and/or 12 dBm for UE   |
|                                  | (other values can be reported by |
|                                  | companies)                       |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (3a) System bandwidth for        | For downlink:                    |
| downlink, or occupied bandwidth  |                                  |
| for uplink (Hz)                  | System bandwidth for FR1:        |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 100MHz for 4GHz and 2.6GHz    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 20MHz for 2GHz (FDD)          |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 20MHz (optional for 10MHz)    |
|                                  | for 700MHz. (FDD)                |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | System bandwidth for FR2:        |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 100MHz, \[400MHz\]            |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | For uplink:                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Occupied bandwidth is         |
|                                  | reported by companies            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (3b) Power Spectrum Density =    |                                  |
| (3) - 10 log( (3a) / 1000000 )   |                                  |
| (dBm/MHz)\                       |                                  |
| Note: For FR1 downlink, (3b)     |                                  |
| should satisfy the following:\   |                                  |
| For 4GHz frequency, 24 and 33\   |                                  |
| For 2.6 GHz frequency, 33\       |                                  |
| For 700MH and 2GHz frequency,    |                                  |
| 36\                              |                                  |
| Note: For FR2 downlink, the      |                                  |
| following should be satisfied:\  |                                  |
| 40 dBm for 100 MHz Urban         |                                  |
| scenario,\                       |                                  |
| 23 dBm for 100 MHz Indoor        |                                  |
| scenario.\                       |                                  |
| Note: no PSD constraint for      |                                  |
| uplink                           |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (3c) Bandwidth used for the      |                                  |
| evaluated channel (Hz)\          |                                  |
| Note: (3c) is identical to the   |                                  |
| number of PRBs assigned to the   |                                  |
| channel evaluated.\              |                                  |
| For uplink, (3a) = (3c)          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (3bis) Total transmit power for  |                                  |
| occupied bandwidth = (3b) + 10   |                                  |
| log ( (3c) / 1000000 ) (dBm)     |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(4\) Total antenna gain at      |                                  |
| antenna gain component 3 &       |                                  |
| antenna gain component 4 of      |                                  |
| transmitter = (4a) -- (4b) (dB)  |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (4a) Antenna gain at antenna     |                                  |
| gain component 3 & antenna gain  |                                  |
| component 4 of transmitter\      |                                  |
| = (4c) + 10 log ( (1) / (2) )    |                                  |
| (dB) for downlink, and\          |                                  |
| = (4c) + 10 log ( (1) / (2a) )   |                                  |
| (dB) for uplink                  |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (4b) Antenna gain correction     | Reported by companies            |
| factor at antenna gain component |                                  |
| 3 & antenna gain component 4 of  |                                  |
| transmitter (dB)                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (4c) Gain of antenna element     | For BS:                          |
| (dBi)                            |                                  |
|                                  | \- 8 dBi or reported by          |
|                                  | companies                        |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | For UE:                          |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 0 dBi for FR1                 |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 5 dBi for FR2                 |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(5\) Total antenna gain at      |                                  |
| antenna gain component 2 of      |                                  |
| transmitter = (5a) - (5b) (dB)\  |                                  |
| Note: zero for uplink            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (5a) Antenna gain at antenna     |                                  |
| gain component 2 of transmitter  |                                  |
| = 10 log( (2)/(2a)) (dB)\        |                                  |
| Note: zero for uplink            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (5b) Antenna gain correction     | Reported by companies            |
| factor at antenna gain component |                                  |
| 2 of transmitter (dB)\           |                                  |
| Note: zero for uplink            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(8\) Cable, connector,          | Reported by companies            |
| combiner, body losses, etc.      |                                  |
| (enumerate sources) (dB) (feeder |                                  |
| loss must be included for and    |                                  |
| only for downlink)               |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(9\) EIRP = (3bis) + (4) + (5)  |                                  |
| -- (8) dBm                       |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Receiver                         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(10\) Number of receive antenna | For FR1 BS:                      |
| elements                         |                                  |
|                                  | Urban:                           |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 192 antenna elements for 4GHz |
|                                  | and 2.6GHz                       |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- (optional) 128 antenna        |
|                                  | elements for 4GHz                |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | Rural:                           |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 64 for 4GHz and 2.6GHz        |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 32 antenna elements for 2GHz  |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | For FR2 BS:                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Indoor scenario: 128          |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Urban/suburban scenario: 256, |
|                                  | Optional: 512                    |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | For FR1 UE:                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 1                             |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- (optional) 2                  |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | For FR2 UE:                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | -8                               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (10a) Number of receive TxRUs\   | FR1 BS:                          |
| Note: this row is void (empty)   |                                  |
| for downlink                     | \- 2 or 4 TXRUs for 2GHz, 700    |
|                                  | MHz                              |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 64TxRUs for 2.6 and 4 GHz     |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Optional: 32 TXRUs at 2 GHz   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | FR2 BS:                          |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 2                             |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (10b) Number of receive chains   | For FR1 BS:                      |
| modelled in LLS                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Option 1: 2 or 4 gNB receive  |
|                                  | chains in LLS.                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Option 2 (optional): Number   |
|                                  | of gNB receive chains = number   |
|                                  | of TXRUs                         |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | FR2 BS:                          |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 2                             |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | For FR1 UE:                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 4 for 4GHz/2.6GHz             |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 2 or 4 for 2GHz               |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 2 for 700MHz                  |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | For FR2 UE:                      |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Option 1: 2                   |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- Option 2: 8                   |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(11\) Total antenna gain at     |                                  |
| antenna gain component 3 &       |                                  |
| antenna gain component 4 of      |                                  |
| receiver = (11a) - (11b) (dB)    |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (11a) Antenna gain at antenna    |                                  |
| gain component 3 & antenna gain  |                                  |
| component 4 of receiver\         |                                  |
| = (11c) + 10 log ( (10)/(10a) )  |                                  |
| (dB) for uplink\                 |                                  |
| = (11c) + 10 log ( (10)/(10b) )  |                                  |
| (dB) for downlink                |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (11b) Antenna gain correction    | Reported by companies            |
| factor at antenna gain component |                                  |
| 3 & antenna gain component 4 of  |                                  |
| receiver (dB)                    |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (11c) Gain of antenna element    | For BS:                          |
| (dBi)                            |                                  |
|                                  | \- 8 dBi or reported by          |
|                                  | companies                        |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | For UE:                          |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 0 dBi for FR1,                |
|                                  |                                  |
|                                  | \- 5 dBi for FR2                 |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (11bis) Total antenna gain at    |                                  |
| antenna gain component 2 of      |                                  |
| receiver = (11bis-a) - (11bis-b) |                                  |
| (dB)\                            |                                  |
| Note: zero for downlink          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (11bis-a) Antenna gain at        |                                  |
| antenna gain component 2 of      |                                  |
| receiver = 10 log( (10a)/(10b))  |                                  |
| (dB)\                            |                                  |
| Note: zero for downlink          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (11bis-b) Antenna gain           | Reported by companies            |
| correction factor at antenna     |                                  |
| gain component 2 of receiver     |                                  |
| (dB)\                            |                                  |
| Note: zero for downlink          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(12\) Cable, connector,         | Reported by companies            |
| combiner, body losses, etc.      |                                  |
| (enumerate sources) (dB) (feeder |                                  |
| loss must be included for and    |                                  |
| only for uplink)                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(13\) Receiver noise figure     | Reported by companies            |
| (dB)                             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(14\) Thermal noise density     | Reported by companies            |
| (dBm/Hz)                         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(15\) Receiver interference     | Reported by companies            |
| density (dBm/Hz)                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(16\) Total noise plus          |                                  |
| interference density = 10 log    |                                  |
| (10\^(( (13) + (14))/10) +       |                                  |
| 10\^((15)/10)) (dBm/Hz)          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(18\) Effective noise power =   |                                  |
| (16) + 10 log ((3c)) (dBm)       |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(19\) Required SNR (dB)         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(20\) Receiver implementation   | Reported by companies            |
| margin (dB)                      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(21\) H-ARQ gain (dB)\          | Reported by companies            |
| Note: Only applicable if HARQ is |                                  |
| not considered in LLS            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(22\) Receiver sensitivity =    |                                  |
| (18) + (19) + (20) -- (21) (dBm) |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| (22bis) MCL = (3bis) -- (22) +   | (22bis) MCL = (3bis) -- (22) +   |
| (5) + (11bis) (dB)               | (5) + (11bis) (dB)               |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(23\) Hardware link budget,     | \(23\) Hardware link budget,     |
| a.k.a. MIL = (9) + (11) +        | a.k.a. MIL = (9) + (11) +        |
| (11bis) − (12) − (22) (dB)\      | (11bis) − (12) − (22) (dB)\      |
| Note: MIL can also be derived by | Note: MIL can also be derived by |
| (22bis) + (4) -- (8) + (11) −    | (22bis) + (4) -- (8) + (11) −    |
| (12)                             | (12)                             |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Calculation of available         |                                  |
| pathloss                         |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(25\) Shadow fading margin      | Reported by companies            |
| (function of the cell area       |                                  |
| reliability and lognormal shadow |                                  |
| fading std deviation) (dB)       |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(26\) BS                        | Reported by companies            |
| selection/macro-diversity gain   |                                  |
| (dB)                             |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(27\) Penetration margin (dB)   | Reported by companies            |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(28\) Other gains (dB) (if any  | Reported by companies            |
| please specify)                  |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(29\) Available path loss       |                                  |
| = (23) -- (25) + (26) -- (27) +  |                                  |
| (28) (dB)                        |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Range/coverage efficiency        |                                  |
| calculation                      |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| \(30\) Maximum range (based on   |                                  |
| (29) and according to the system |                                  |
| configuration section of the     |                                  |
| link budget) (m)                 |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

A.4 Derivation of target MCL for service dependent metric
=========================================================

Table A.4: Link budget for UMTS voice uplink

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Transmitter                                                                                                　
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------
  (2a) Number of transmit chains modelled in LLS                                                             1

  \(3\) Total transmit power (dBm) ~~\                                                                       23
  ~~Note: total transmit power for system bandwidth                                                          

  (3a) System bandwidth for downlink, or occupied bandwidth for uplink (Hz)                                  3840000

  (3b) Power Spectrum Density = (3) - 10 log( (3a) / 1000000 ) (dBm/MHz)\                                    17.16
  Note: For FR1 downlink, (3b) should satisfy the following:\                                                
  For 4GHz frequency, 24 and 33\                                                                             
  For 2.6 GHz frequency, 33\                                                                                 
  For 700MH and 2GHz frequency, 36\                                                                          
  Note: For FR2 downlink, the following should be satisfied:\                                                
  40 dBm for 100 MHz Urban scenario,\                                                                        
  23 dBm for 100 MHz Indoor scenario.\                                                                       
  Note: no PSD constraint for uplink                                                                         

  (3c) bandwidth used for the evaluated channel (Hz)\                                                        3840000
  Note: (3c) is identical to the number of PRBs assigned to the channel evaluated.\                          
  for uplink, (3a) = (3c)                                                                                    

  (3bis) Total transmit power for occupied bandwidth = (3b) + 10 log ( (3c) / 1000000 ) (dBm)                23.00

  \(5\) total antenna gain at antenna gain component 2 of transmitter = (5a) - (5b) (dB)\                    0
  Note: zero for uplink                                                                                      

  (5a) antenna gain at antenna gain component 2 of transmitter = 10 log( (2)/(2a)) (dB)\                     0
  Note: zero for uplink                                                                                      

  (5b) antena gain correction factor at antenna gain component 2 of transmitter (dB)\                        0
  Note: zero for uplink                                                                                      

  **Receiver**                                                                                               　

  (10a) Number of receive TxRUs\                                                                             2
  Note: this row is void (empty) for downlink                                                                

  (10b) Number of receive chains modelled in LLS                                                             2

  (11bis) total antenna gain at antenna gain component 2 of receiver = (11bis-a) - (11bis-b) (dB)\           0
  Note: zero for downlink                                                                                    

  (11bis-a) antenna gain at antenna gain component 2 of receiver = 10 log( (10a)/(10b)) (dB)\                0
  Note: zero for donwlink                                                                                    

  (11bis-b) antena gain correction factor at antenna gain component 2 of receiver (dB)\                      0
  Note: zero for downlink                                                                                    

  \(13\) Receiver noise figure (dB)                                                                          5

  \(14\) Thermal noise density (dBm/Hz)                                                                      -174

  \(15\) Receiver interference density (dBm/Hz)                                                              -165.7

  \(16\) Total noise plus interference density = 10 log (10\^(( (13) + (14))/10) + 10\^((15)/10)) (dBm/Hz)   -164.0

  \(18\) Effective noise power = (16) + 10 log((3c)) (dBm)                                                   -98.2

  \(19\) Required SNR (dB)                                                                                   5

  \(20\) Receiver implementation margin (dB)                                                                 2

  \(21\) H-ARQ gain (dB) or Process gain for UMTS\                                                           25
  Note: Only applicable if HARQ is not considered in LLS                                                     

  \(22\) Receiver sensitivity = (18) + (19) + (20) -- (21) (dBm)                                             -116.2

  (22bis) MCL = (3bis) - (22) + (5) + (11bis) (dB)                                                           139.2
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

######## Annex \<B\>: Simulation results for baseline coverage performance

The simulation results for baseline coverage performance can be found in
the attached document \"B\_SimulationResults\_baseline.zip\".

########  Annex \<C\> (informative): Change history

  -------------------- ------------- ------------ -------- --------- --------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
  **Change history**                                                                                                                                                             
  **Date**             **Meeting**   **TDoc**     **CR**   **Rev**   **Cat**   **Subject/Comment**                                                                               **New version**
  2020-05              RAN1\#101e    R1-2004753                                Skeleton TR                                                                                       0.0.1
  2020-08              RAN1\#102e    R1-2005730                                Inclusion of agreements made at RAN1\#101e on evaluation methodology and simulation assumptions   0.0.2
  2020-10              RAN1\#103e    R1-2007992                                Inclusion of agreements made at RAN1\#102e and post email discussion                              0.0.3
  2020-11              RAN1\#103e    R1-2009461                                Updated based on R1-2007992 with some corrections                                                 0.1.0
  2020-11              RAN1\#103e    R1-2009851                                Inclusion of agreements made at RAN1\#103e                                                        0.2.0
  2020-12              RAN\#90e      RP-202307                                 MCC clean-up -- for approval by RAN plenary                                                       1.0.0
  2020-12              RAN\#90e                                                TR under change control (Release 17) -- approved by RAN plenary                                   17.0.0
  -------------------- ------------- ------------ -------- --------- --------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
